entre, between
sous, under
rien, nothing
alors, then
puis, then
vers, to
ainsi, so
avant, before
monde, world
faut, must
quelques, a few
jusqu'à, until
mes, my
trois, three
jour, day
toutes, all
trop, too much
notre, our
déjà, already
yeux, eyes
cela, it
soit, whether
donc, therefore
celui, that
chez, at
contre, against
devant, in front
depuis, since
celle, that
tête, head
petit, small
chaque, each
j'avais, I had
ans, years
père, father
voir, see
quelque, some
chose, thing
main, hand
mère, mother
cet, this
point, point
ils avaient, they had
nos, our
eux, them
fut, was
grande, big
moment, moment
hommes, men
porte, door
parce que, because
cas, case
ici, here
car, because
partie, part
seulement, only
air, air
ceux, those
beaucoup, a lot
nuit, night
seul, alone
France, France
femme, woman
enfin, finally
corps, body
coup, blow
oui, yes
bon, good
quoi, what
pendant, during
place, spot
maintenant, now
souvent, often
voix, voice
il aurait, he would have
mal, bad
assez, enough
doit, must
pays, country
première, first (feminine)
premier, first
mort, dead
je sais, I know
d'ailleurs, also
jours, days
eau, water
près, close
côté, side
tant, as
toi, you
sens, meaning
terre, earth
presque, almost
mieux, better
petite, small
serait, would be
loin, far
pourquoi, why
la histoire, the story
guerre, war
surtout, mainly
comment, how
heures, hours
heure, hour
fin, end
soir, evening
ensemble, together
maison, house
personne, person
personne, no one
quatre, four
enfant, child
doute, doubt
il pouvait, he could have
dès, from
faisait, was doing
travail, work
bras, arm
effet, effect
reste, rest
nom, name
général, general
dieu, god
cours, course
forme, form
enfants, children
exemple, example
votre, your
parfois, sometimes
pourtant, yet
cœur, heart
nombre, number
ton, tone
nouveau, new
visage, face
jeune, young
siècle, century
mains, hands
paris, Paris
droit, right
il fit, he did
années, years
fond, background
nous avons, we have
abord, to arrive
bas, low
rue, street
dis, say
derrière, behind
dessus, over
amour, love
choses, things
français, French
vieux, old
prendre, take
façon, way
gens, people
peine, pain
ils peuvent, they can
ce sera, it will
ordre, order
lieu, place
vrai, true
même, same
compte, account
autour, around
tard, late
fille, girl
longtemps, for a long time
certains, some
bois, wood
suite, suite
plusieurs, several
raison, reason
sorte, sort
pouvoir, power
pris, taken
long, long
vue, view
grands, big
haut, high
parler, talk
aujourd'hui, today
aller, to go
bout, end
chambre, room
bonne, good (feminine)
esprit, spirit
saint, saint
possible, possible
autant, as
passé, past
soleil, sun
ville, city
savoir, to know
je/tu veux, I/you want
vite, quickly
cinq, five
vous avez, you have (plural)
dix, ten
mer, sea
milieu, middle
mois, month
tour, turn
mot, word
cependant, however
lumière, light
ciel, sky
question, question
idée, idea
il allait, he was going
donner, to give
fort, strong
plutôt, rather
matin, morning
regard, look
mots, words
mesure, measure
voilà, there
il devait, he had to
force, force
politique, policy
action, action
quel, what
oeuvre, work
sûr, certain
nature, nature
il sait, he knows
aucun, none
requête, request
table, table
mis, placed
femmes, women
instant, moment
disait, said
besoin, need
petits, small
lit, bed
celles, those
laquelle, which
fils, son
lorsque, when
face, face
beau, beautiful
semble, seems
trouve, is
passer, pass
silence, silence
nouvelle, news
quelle, what
selon, according to
vingt, twenty
mettre, put
jean, jeans
monsieur, Mr.
rôle, role
aucune, no
fallait, had
jeu, game
système, system
partir, from
vient, just
propre, own
peur, fear
prix, price
eut, was
vraiment, really
veut, wants
oeil, eye
pierre, stone
travers, through
art, art
sommes, are
mouvement, movement
tel, such
crois, think
chacun, each
parmi, among
donne, gives
telle, such
dernier, last
rapport, report
conditions, terms
famille, family
ayant, with
lorsqu', when
manière, way
chef, chief
font, are
service, service
pied, foot
type, type
juste, just
noir, black
grandes, large
route, road
enseignement, teaching
donné, given
plan, plan
cause, cause
passe, pass
rouge, red
tandis, while
loi, law
belle, fine
aime, like
année, year
objet, object
gros, large
train, train
certaines, some
moyen, average
contraire, contrary
problème, problem
malgré, despite
voit, sees
pourrait, could
feu, fire
ensuite, then
plein, full
simple, simple
société, company
vais, will
ait, has
grâce, grace
demi, half
valeur, value
pieds, feet
production, production
bouche, mouth
venait, had
agit, is
trouver, find
groupe, group
présent, present
certain, some
intérieur, inside
eût, had
jeunes, young people
vieille, old woman
gauche, left
aurais, would have
vois, see
livre, book
sang, blood
argent, money
semblait, seemed
soudain, suddenly
blanc, white
moyens, means
vent, wind
début, beginning
existence, existence
technique, technical
cheveux, hair
bruit, noise
rire, laugh
vivre, live
six, six
chemin, path
française, French
travaux, work
droite, right
envie, desire
dernière, last
importance, importance
développement, development
situation, situation
peux, can
julien, Julian
regarde, looks
conseil, council
sol, ground
partout, everywhere
demanda, asked
intérêt, interest
présence, presence
fonction, function
générale, General
entendu, heard
savait, knew
mise, setting
lequel, which
nationale, National
pièce, room
image, image
caractère, character
réalité, reality
laisser, let
voulait, wanted
sourire, smile
rendre, render
midi, noon
plaisir, pleasure
dehors, out
formes, forms
puisque, as
domaine, field
musique, music
fais, do
gouvernement, government
salle, room
venir, come
nouvelles, news
direction, direction
prend, takes
groupes, groups
olivier, olive
pensée, thought
mille, thousand
longue, long
garde, guard
particulier, particular
marie, Mary
petites, small
théorie, theory
comprendre, understand
sujet, topic
voiture, car
seconde, second
vide, empty
suivant, following
matière, material
parle, speaks
vérité, truth
ombre, shadow
public, public
centre, center
laisse, leash
henri, Henry
vos, your
libre, free
bord, edge
arrive, arrives
pense, think
genre, kind
dos, back
principe, principle
forces, strengths
marche, walking
espace, space
madame, Mrs.
niveau, level
existe, are
problèmes, problems
coups, blows
importe, matter
penser, think
services, services
aussitôt, immediately
voulu, desired
effort, effort
soi, self
conscience, consciousness
chercher, search
filles, girls
huit, eight
recherche, search
appelle, calls
cent, cent
verre, glass
premiers, first
liberté, freedom
croire, believe
paraît, seems
classe, class
bientôt, soon
simplement, simply
arrière, back
fenêtre, window
maître, master
parents, parents
parti, party
pauvre, poor
courant, current
connaissance, knowledge
difficile, difficult
passage, passage
fût, barrel
aura, will
origine, origin
furent, were
attention, attention
doivent, must
retour, return
faits, facts
sociale, Social
froid, cold
divers, various
espèce, species
nécessaire, necessary
entendre, hear
lèvres, lips
organisation, organization
peau, skin
quant, as
affaire, business
marché, market
quelqu', someone
guère, little
europe, Europe
progrès, progress
accord, agreement
roi, king
langue, language
outre, also
garçon, boy
blanche, white
tenir, hold
permet, allows
activité, activity
idées, ideas
avenir, future
voie, way
compris, including
amis, friends
membres, Member
champ, field
livres, books
nord, north
avions, had
signe, sign
demander, request
certaine, some
geste, gesture
expérience, experience
période, period
mme, Mrs.
bonheur, happiness
produit, product
ligne, line
mur, wall
diverses, various
fer, iron
techniques, Technical
papier, paper
départ, departure
souvenir, memory
doigts, fingers
couleur, color
perdu, lost
frère, brother
cour, court
faisant, by
large, wide
mit, mit
lettres, letters
bleu, blue
titre, title
goût, taste
lentement, slowly
tellement, so
lettre, letter
venu, come
demain, tomorrow
voyait, saw
vont, will
vit, lives
attendre, expect
ministre, minister
sortir, exit
bureau, office
armée, army
affaires, business
tenait, was
but, goal
relations, relationship
montre, watch
soient, are
fini, finished
café, coffee
nombreux, numerous
nez, nose
jambes, legs
coin, corner
aide, aid
vis, screw
regarder, watch
second, second
lors, then
plupart, Most
questions, issues
ami, friend
trouvé, found
assemblée, assembly
tient, is
jouer, play
tes, your
voici, here is
front, front
entrée, entry
base, base
avance, advance
arbres, trees
structure, structure
hasard, chance
premières, first
devient, becomes
résultats, results
impression, printing
unis, united
impossible, impossible
haute, high
assis, seated
faites, do
masse, mass
emploi, employment
soeur, sister
prit, took
poids, weight
troisième, third
science, science
pleine, Full
formation, training
différents, different
allons, will
puisse, can
propos, About
murs, walls
mémoire, memory
allez, will
anglais, English
noire, Black
connu, known
scène, scene
présente, this
expression, expression
restait, remained
puissance, power
odeur, odor
sentiment, feeling
moitié, half
sort, fate
hors, out
connaître, know
trouvait, was
debout, standing
fonctions, functions
national, national
devenir, become
jardin, garden
journal, newspaper
simon, Simon
terme, term
double, double
unité, unit
uns, one
millions, million
régime, regime
occasion, opportunity
sentait, felt
notamment, especially
moindre, lesser
lendemain, next day
vitesse, speed
journée, day
minutes, minutes
met, is
physique, physical
pièces, coins
méthode, method
points, points
objets, objects
louis, louis
différentes, different
important, important
position, position
deuxième, second
particulièrement, particularly
président, president
propres, own
administration, administration
joie, joy
seuls, only
recherches, research
cesse, ceases
prise, taking
désir, desire
delà, Beyond
pratique, practice
choix, choice
mourir, die
produits, products
hôtel, hotel
nouveaux, new
parlait, spoke
heureux, happy
fleurs, flowers
davantage, further
exactement, exactly
malade, ill
jacques, Jacques
faite, made
seront, will
rester, stay
trente, thirty
industrie, industry
village, village
chaleur, heat
désormais, henceforth
volonté, will
figure, figure
sept, seven
personnel, staff
afin, to
tôt, early
rapports, relations
mètres, meters
charles, charles
retrouver, find
machine, machine
maman, mom
types, Types
sinon, otherwise
tableau, table
faudrait, be
clair, clear
révolution, revolution
regardait, looked
succès, success
région, region
culture, culture
commun, common
humaine, human
somme, sum
influence, influence
sauf, except
maisons, houses
voyage, travel
peuple, people
paix, peace
analyse, analysis
joue, cheek
article, article
série, series
entreprise, company
habitude, habit
combien, how many
entrer, enter
manger, eat
savez, know
neuf, nine
rêve, dream
termes, terms
mauvais, bad
aspect, aspect
faible, low
véritable, true
chance, chance
certes, certainly
création, creation
qualité, quality
surface, surface
autorité, authority
cheval, horse
tomber, fall
humain, human
tirer, draw
rapidement, quickly
tiens, like
demandé, required
laissé, left
images, pictures
phénomènes, phenomena
lignes, lines
notion, notion
sociétés, companies
ferme, farm
lire, read
apparaît, appears
ventre, belly
mouvements, movements
parlé, spoken
population, population
puisqu', since '
allemagne, Germany
auprès, with
rencontre, meeting
cher, expensive
angleterre, England
lois, laws
secret, secret
langage, language
court, short
facile, easy
noms, names
foi, faith
frais, costs
campagne, campaign
absence, absence
comité, committee
commence, begins
calme, calm
condition, condition
cadre, framework
faisaient, were
personnes, people
donnait, gave
ancien, former
gris, gray
tels, such
commission, commission
suivre, follow
viens, just
social, social
information, information
durée, duration
usage, use
raisons, reasons
moderne, modern
méthodes, methods
entreprises, Business
rues, streets
sud, south
répondre, answer
forêt, forest
contrôle, control
unique, single
regarda, looked
paul, paul
devenu, become
obtenir, get
environ, about
classes, classes
vas, go
passait, passed
doucement, gently
univers, universe
brusquement, abruptly
dents, teeth
théâtre, theater
généralement, generally
parole, speech
dame, lady
perdre, lose
hiver, winter
naturellement, naturally
enfance, childhood
faute, fault
avis, notice
toutefois, however
morts, dead
ceci, this
solution, solution
mari, husband
expliquer, explain
pluie, rain
quinze, fifteen
métier, job
chien, dog
assurer, ensure
paroles, words
autrefois, once
rapide, fast
voulez, want
escalier, staircase
larmes, tears
francs, francs
maladie, disease
pose, pose
complètement, completely
militaire, military
dites, say
république, republic
semaine, week
construction, construction
servir, serve
aimait, loved
savais, knew
cuisine, kitchen
charge, load
directement, directly
revient, back
sommeil, sleep
rose, pink
contact, contact
naissance, birth
degré, degree
porter, wear
souffle, breath
sac, bag
derniers, last
arrivée, arrival
parfaitement, perfectly
honneur, honor
philippe, philippe
dessous, underneath
régions, regions
distance, distance
réponse, response
foule, crowd
immense, immense
attendait, expected
montrer, show
forte, strong
arrivé, arrived
tantôt, sometimes
fil, thread
règles, rules
publique, Public
manque, lack
noirs, black
fou, crazy
endroit, place
dernières, last
confiance, confidence
proche, close
opérations, operations
faux, false
mode, mode
suffit, enough
permis, allowed
robe, dress
résistance, resistance
appel, call
nombreuses, many
oncle, uncle
feuilles, leaves
vin, wine
oreille, ear
cru, raw
jeunesse, youth
auraient, would have
hier, yesterday
arbre, tree
jeux, games
continue, continues
commerce, trade
moteur, engine
cou, neck
paraissait, seemed
ouvre, opens
victoire, victory
politiques, policies
phénomène, phenomenon
ouvert, open
cartes, cards
police, police
prenait, took
joseph, joseph
armes, arms
côte, coast
connais, know
veille, eve
lesquels, which
mesures, steps
matériel, equipment
supérieur, top
gestes, gestures
conduit, pipe
mécanique, mechanical
auteur, author
décision, decision
besoins, needs
empire, empire
beauté, beauty
vert, green
pain, bread
longues, long
anciens, old
ouverte, open
taille, size
capable, capable
commune, town
portait, was
différence, difference
papa, dad
siècles, centuries
villes, cities
jaune, yellow
cherche, seeks
arriver, arrive
terrain, field
xixe, nineteenth
londres, London
essentiel, essential
risque, risk
grave, serious
espoir, hope
sable, sand
autrement, otherwise
lesquelles, which
chaud, hot
publics, public
disant, saying
date, date
sciences, Science
telles, such
appelait, called
couleurs, colors
arrête, stop
sent, feels
pensait, thought
règle, rule
compagnie, company
seraient, would be
vivant, living
vouloir, will
concerne, for
atteint, reached
sécurité, security
justement, exactly
champs, fields
téléphone, phone
connaît, knows
actuellement, currently
robert, robert
importante, important
ouvrir, open
reconnaître, recognize
tombe, grave
viennent, just
professeur, professor
extrême, extreme
difficultés, difficulties
leva, up
appris, learned
tonnes, tons
médecin, doctor
pont, bridge
application, application
pression, pressure
dois, have
cents, cents
durant, during
portée, range
opération, operation
sociales, Social
genoux, knee
naturel, natural
sortie, output
résultat, result
boîte, box
pouvaient, could
examen, review
pouvais, could
chair, flesh
nécessité, need
souvenirs, memories
poche, pocket
entier, whole
poste, post
vraie, true
machines, machinery
hauteur, height
auquel, which
jusque, up
texte, text
afrique, Africa
monter, mount
pierres, stones
sein, breast
phrase, sentence
patron, boss
voulais, wanted
port, port
comprends, understand
cinquante, fifty
attitude, attitude
sombre, dark
croix, cross
animaux, animals
voudrais, would want
basse, low
effets, effects
projet, project
extérieur, outside
dur, hard
bête, beast
boire, drink
comprend, includes
classique, classical
chacune, each
parties, parts
entend, mean
acte, act
pensé, thought
revenu, income
signes, signs
portes, doors
finalement, finally
oublier, forget
style, style
limite, limit
pouvoirs, powers
gueule, mouth
vacances, holiday
répondit, answered
amérique, America
tenu, held
pointe, tip
données, data
concours, contest
valeurs, values
scientifique, scientific
moyenne, average
formule, formula
docteur, doctor
merci, thank you
poser, pose
tante, aunt
blancs, whites
vaste, wide
directeur, director
nul, no
allemands, German
source, source
caractères, characters
température, temperature
passant, from
total, total
semaines, weeks
principes, principles
arrivait, could
presse, press
modèle, model
oeuvres, works
branches, branches
prince, prince
défense, defense
découverte, discovery
décret, decree
quartier, neighborhood
traitement, treatment
roman, novel
justice, justice
entière, full
aimer, love
traits, features
droits, rights
absolument, absolutely
poitrine, chest
palais, palace
lutte, fight
gaz, gas
morale, morals
bref, brief
moments, times
herbe, grass
propriétés, properties
peinture, painting
arrêter, stop
journaux, newspapers
drôle, funny
vague, wave
pourra, can
pages, pages
dirait, would say
vint, came
dimanche, Sunday
vaut, is
saurait, not
sentir, feel
agissait, was
atteindre, achieve
critique, critical
triste, sad
visite, visit
douleur, pain
quelquefois, sometimes
constitue, is
rend, makes
propriété, property
grosse, big
maîtres, Masters
historique, historical
lève, up
voyez, see
revenir, return
animal, animal
expériences, experiences
sociologie, sociology
ressources, resources
morte, dead
nation, nation
devoir, duty
chapitre, chapter
venue, arrival
ooo, ooo
ennemi, enemy
rouges, red
meilleur, best
entièrement, entirely
limites, limitations
changer, change
totale, Total
mariage, marriage
lune, moon
carte, map
surprise, surprise
pareil, such
certainement, definitely
précisément, precisely
gorge, throat
capitaine, captain
oublié, forgotten
attend, expected
arrêté, arrested
appareil, device
colère, anger
nicolas, Nicolas
réserve, reserve
devrait, should
immobile, immobile
beaux, beautiful
explique, explains
eaux, water
commencé, started
programme, program
permettre, allow
nécessaires, necessary
dormir, sleep
quitter, leave
devaient, were
quarante, forty
reprendre, resume
portant, with
monte, up
efforts, efforts
fonds, funds
décidé, decided
conception, design
composition, composition
circonstances, circumstances
réel, real
page, page
léger, light
allaient, were
aimé, loved
croissance, growth
santé, health
chevaux, horses
logique, logic
italie, Italy
mauvaise, bad
fête, festival
posé, laid
roger, roger
radio, radio
littérature, literature
destin, fate
croit, believes
claire, clear
oreilles, ears
imagination, imagination
connaissait, knew
fruits, fruits
sourit, smiles
ordres, orders
tire, draws
appeler, call
changé, changed
immédiatement, immediately
donnée, given
tourne, turns
retrouve, found
don, gift
danse, dance
rares, rare
merde, shit
dedans, in
constitution, constitution
glace, ice
dîner, dinner
oiseaux, birds
zone, area
offre, offer
territoire, territory
spectacle, show
salon, lounge
bonnes, good
tâche, task
reprit, said
apprendre, learn
passion, passion
ouvriers, workers
simples, simple
thomas, thomas
garçons, boys
empêcher, prevent
poussière, dust
rendu, made
toile, canvas
chefs, Heads
côtés, sides
bons, good
frères, brethren
travailler, work
individu, individual
faudra, will
cris, shouting
supérieure, top
demeure, residence
david, david
comte, count
allais, would go
relation, relation
entends, hear
lieux, places
fenêtres, windows
union, union
sainte, holy
reçu, received
ancienne, old
pur, pure
centres, centers
intérêts, interests
fonctionnement, operation
chaise, chair
apparition, appearance
fera, will
activités, activities
partis, parties
pure, clean
belles, beautiful
sérieux, serious
note, note
génie, genius
garder, keep
neige, snow
preuve, proof
rome, Rome
consommation, consumption
ouvrage, work
chargé, loaded
tend, tends
honte, shame
attendant, Pending
souci, care
longueur, length
donnent, give
marcher, walk
trou, hole
cinéma, cinema
volume, volume
représente, is
montré, shown
possibilité, possibility
maximum, maximum
gare, station
ouest, west
maurice, maurice
imaginer, imagine
quantité, quantity
nil, Nile
profit, profit
kilomètres, km
siège, seat
plat, flat
tendance, trend
religion, religion
salut, salvation
bataille, battle
espèces, cash
antoine, antoine
malheur, misfortune
ferait, would make
considérer, consider
civilisation, civilization
conversation, conversation
hypothèse, hypothesis
unités, units
longs, long
douce, fresh
rythme, rhythm
légèrement, slightly
laissait, left
essentiellement, essentially
doigt, finger
disparu, missing
catégories, categories
repas, meal
fatigue, fatigue
taux, rate
considérable, considerable
tendre, tender
soldats, soldiers
faim, hunger
solitude, solitude
utilisation, use
tenant, taking
disposition, disposal
dépenses, spending
systèmes, systems
horizon, horizon
lever, lift
consiste, is
finit, ends
tourner, turn
cri, cry
complexe, complex
gagner, win
coupe, cut
anne, anne
regardant, Looking
militaires, military
arrêta, stopped
crise, crisis
voyais, saw
sujets, topics
château, castle
chaîne, chain
riche, rich
décor, decor
louise, louise
lecture, reading
hein, eh
chasse, hunting
prêt, loan
recevoir, receive
observation, observation
facteurs, factors
caisse, box
revoir, revise
fallu, had
cessé, ceased
passa, passed
angle, angle
lourd, heavy
néanmoins, however
sensible, sensitive
lait, milk
dure, hard
troupes, troops
sert, is
relativement, relatively
traité, treaty
tas, heap
opinion, opinion
voitures, cars
conduite, conduct
sec, dry
aider, help
psychologie, psychology
profonde, deep
allemand, German
devenait, became
courage, courage
douze, twelve
ouvrit, opened
suivi, followed
faveur, favor
mission, mission
tranquille, quiet
terrible, terrible
vêtements, clothing
nulle, no
définition, definition
pauvres, poor
appartement, apartment
montagne, mountain
sûrement, surely
répond, responds
dispositions, provisions
adresse, address
réaction, reaction
fauteuil, chair
créer, create
croyait, believed
devenue, become
sociaux, social
largement, widely
capital, capital
découvrir, discover
centrale, Central
compter, count
discours, speech
plans, Plans
documents, Documents
cercle, circle
bande, band
russe, Russian
officiers, officers
mettait, put
ajouta, added
tuer, kill
camp, camp
printemps, spring
pire, worst
ordinaire, ordinary
fixe, fixed
marque, mark
conséquences, consequences
comporte, has
profond, deep
intention, intention
normal, normal
nations, nations
entendait, heard
cuir, leather
ben, ben
françaises, French
précis, accurate
calcul, calculation
intelligence, intelligence
atmosphère, atmosphere
courir, run
rendez, appointment
dimensions, dimensions
rentrer, return
proprement, properly
cadres, frameworks
américains, U.S.
réaliser, achieve
demandait, asked
amitié, friendship
exploitation, operation
combat, combat
approche, approach
toucher, touch
précise, accurate
course, race
soin, care
sentais, felt
lampe, lamp
sortit, out
permettent, can
lourde, heavy
chapeau, hat
venaient, were
doux, sweet
réussi, successful
facilement, easily
détails, details
plage, beach
aient, have
exécution, execution
bêtes, animals
possède, has
transport, transport
souviens, remember
serais, would be
poésie, poetry
philosophie, philosophy
liaison, link
jadis, once
quelles, what
commençait, began
bateau, boat
couloir, corridor
visages, faces
libération, release
changement, change
trouvent, are
mademoiselle, miss
vagues, waves
matières, Contents
gloire, glory
juin, June
vécu, lived
finir, finish
creux, hollow
choisi, chosen
rayons, rays
gaulle, gaulle
désert, desert
constituent, are
utiliser, use
parut, seemed
structures, structures
rappelle, reminds
possibilités, potential
détail, detail
ministère, ministry
bretagne, Brittany
processus, process
lambert, lambert
descendre, descend
minute, minute
répartition, distribution
marine, navy
fasse, do
poète, poet
monnaie, currency
angoisse, anxiety
juge, judge
complète, complete
particulière, special
ajouter, add
joues, cheeks
violence, violence
danger, danger
convient, appropriate
explication, explanation
histoires, stories
textes, texts
voies, tract
revanche, revenge
cigarette, cigarette
pouvons, can
aventure, adventure
artiste, artist
vieilles, old
précision, precision
sale, dirty
nuits, nights
présenter, present
essayer, try
réduit, reduced
tradition, tradition
appelé, called
resté, remained
têtes, heads
personnages, characters
multiples, multiple
tapis, carpet
paysage, landscape
mai, May
juillet, July
projets, projects
prises, taken
secteur, sector
prends, take
numéro, number
inutile, unnecessary
importants, important
sentiments, feelings
américain, American
personnage, character
curieux, curious
institutions, institutions
douceur, sweetness
quart, quarter
difficulté, difficulty
allure, appearance
coucher, sleep
contenu, contents
pensa, thought
métal, metal
fous, crazy
fabrication, manufacturing
donnant, giving
occuper, occupy
rare, rare
indispensable, essential
extrêmement, extremely
communauté, community
attente, waiting
agents, agents
procédé, process
communication, communication
claude, claude
généraux, general
nuages, clouds
libres, free
suit, follows
erreur, error
couche, layer
essence, gasoline
vertu, virtue
tort, wrong
soumis, subject
laissant, leaving
correspondant, corresponding
modernes, modern
bruits, noise
asseoir, seat
actions, stock
actes, actions
apparence, appearance
jeter, throw
prison, prison
payer, pay
disais, said
chemise, shirt
arrêt, stop
soviétique, Soviet
soixante, sixty
mince, thin
trait, trait
cité, cited
individus, individuals
discipline, discipline
définir, define
chiffres, figures
aspects, aspects
naturelle, natural
bouteille, bottle
probablement, probably
auteurs, authors
respect, respect
déjeuner, lunch
peuples, people
heureuse, happy
restent, remain
sorti, out
grandeur, size
assise, Seat
vif, bright
importantes, important
concurrence, competition
victor, victor
vive, RAM
suppose, assumes
majorité, majority
humanité, humanity
agir, act
rang, rank
profondément, deeply
organismes, agencies
connaissances, knowledge
regards, looks
film, film
choisir, choose
terres, land
rigueur, rigor
interprétation, interpretation
août, August
quels, what
familles, families
tournant, turning
longuement, long
ondes, waves
noires, black
mondiale, World
trouva, found
signification, meaning
surpris, surprised
porté, focused
représentant, representative
prenant, taking
exercice, exercise
suivante, Next
meubles, furniture
tiré, drawn
instants, moments
reine, queen
liste, list
chemins, paths
pattes, legs
nettement, clearly
blanches, white
routes, roads
pratiquement, practically
papiers, papers
hôpital, hospital
distinguer, distinguish
con, con
utile, useful
pousse, shoot
pâle, pale
dépend, depends
plateau, plateau
miroir, mirror
imagine, imagine
fumée, smoke
trottoir, sidewalk
secondes, second
froide, Cold
dépit, spite
division, division
préparer, prepare
comportement, behavior
seules, only
put, could
seuil, threshold
laissa, left
héros, hero
cul, ass
unes, one
représentation, representation
instrument, instrument
agricole, agricultural
repris, back
orient, east
navires, Ships
roses, roses
oiseau, bird
jambe, leg
espagne, Spain
chute, fall
correspond, corresponds
professeurs, teachers
pensées, thoughts
lunettes, glasses
extraordinaire, extraordinary
change, exchange
actuelle, current
sortes, kinds
intervention, intervention
volontiers, willingly
morceau, piece
georges, georges
représentants, Representatives
repos, rest
nationales, national
esprits, minds
cha, each
semblent, seem
manteau, mantle
apparaître, appear
curiosité, curiosity
possibles, possible
voyons, see
uirginie, uirginie
urganes, urganes
venus, from
capacité, capacity
aube, dawn
grosses, large
alla, went
professionnelle, Professional
prennent, take
opposition, opposition
horreur, horror
folie, madness
attends, expect
remettre, return
carrière, career
britannique, British
section, section
russie, Russia
meilleure, best
agriculture, agriculture
fortune, fortune
conséquence, consequence
préparation, preparation
pourrais, could
commandant, commander
seigneur, lord
organisme, body
raconter, tell
envers, to
cellule, cell
auxquels, which
enquête, survey
pensais, thought
camarades, comrades
privé, private
attaque, attack
revint, returned
abri, shelter
retard, delay
populaire, popular
informations, data
réseau, network
catégorie, category
crainte, fear
central, central
transformation, transformation
plaît, please
exemples, Examples
rêves, dreams
liquide, liquid
acheter, buy
vapeur, steam
mystère, mystery
feuille, sheet
milliers, thousands
alliés, allies
ajoute, adds
rejoindre, rejoin
tendresse, tenderness
normale, normal
battre, beat
occupe, occupies
folle, madwoman
riches, rich
quitté, left
procédés, processes
biens, property
plantes, plants
humains, human
touche, key
pascal, pascal
décisions, decisions
communes, common
acide, acid
pourraient, could
pitié, pity
perspective, perspective
offrir, offer
croyez, Believe
chambres, rooms
avion, airplane
uniforme, uniform
répondu, answered
onde, wave
complet, complete
sûre, safe
maîtresse, mistress
hautes, high
chiens, dogs
glisser, slip
solide, solid
sentit, felt
augmentation, increase
inconnu, unknown
couvert, covered
réflexion, reflection
paquet, package
veulent, want
paraître, appear
conduire, lead
voisins, neighbors
pratiques, practices
malheureux, unfortunate
avantage, advantage
légère, slight
disent, say
assure, ensures
prête, ready
exprimer, express
pleurer, cry
inverse, reverse
heureusement, fortunately
conseils, advice
retourne, returns
rarement, rarely
découvert, discovered
verres, glasses
dessin, drawing
christ, Christ
tiers, third
secrétaire, secretary
charme, charm
absolue, absolute
viande, meat
musée, museum
mélange, mixture
crâne, skull
intermédiaire, intermediate
tenue, holding
raconte, said
faculté, faculty
internationale, International
concernant, concerning
arts, Arts
aveugle, blind
ouvrages, works
habitants, people
saisir, seize
diable, devil
amie, girlfriend
retrouvé, found
réactions, reactions
usine, factory
retourner, return
fonctionnaires, officials
défaut, defect
trace, trace
rivière, river
responsabilité, responsibility
quai, dock
couple, couple
bibliothèque, library
donna, gave
posa, asked
mérite, merit
septembre, September
définitive, definitive
célèbre, famous
bleue, Blue
terrasse, terrace
phrases, phrases
allée, driveway
savent, know
joué, played
différente, different
différent, different
accepter, accept
mine, mine
fixé, fixed
dite, said
défendre, defend
toit, roof
maintenir, maintain
domaines, areas
réalisation, realization
fleur, flower
discussion, discussion
variations, variations
rendait, made
quelconque, any
prévu, planned
religieuse, religious
principal, main
observations, comments
montait, rose
continuait, continued
parfait, perfect
nombres, numbers
causes, causes
purement, purely
entraîne, results
uniquement, only
pouvez, can
intensité, intensity
créé, created
huile, oil
dieux, Gods
totalement, totally
empêche, prevents
auparavant, before
sacré, sacred
vol, flight
sois, am
bérenger, Berenger
jette, throws
retraite, retirement
rappeler, recall
minimum, minimum
jugement, judgment
adultes, adults
usines, plants
remarque, remark
proposition, proposal
pouvant, can
accès, access
rond, round
new, new
marches, steps
satisfaction, satisfaction
ministres, Ministers
courants, currents
révolte, revolt
notes, Notes
lieutenant, lieutenant
michel, michel
mars, March
directe, direct
allé, gone
faisais, did
saison, season
impose, imposes
humeur, mood
drame, drama
continuer, continue
noël, Christmas
malades, sick
suffisamment, enough
interdit, prohibited
peintre, painter
ouverture, opening
facteur, factor
exige, requires
disparaître, disappear
commencer, start
aimais, loved
permettant, to
branche, branch
vain, vain
profondeur, depth
qualités, qualifications
paysans, peasantry
troubles, disturbance
andré, andré
humaines, Human
vivants, living
choc, shock
protection, protection
langues, languages
xviiie, eighteenth
masses, masses
caractéristiques, characteristic
balle, ball
voisin, neighbor
queue, tail
entendit, heard
arme, weapon
vieil, old
candidats, candidates
semblaient, seemed
semblable, similar
intéressant, interesting
commença, began
silhouette, silhouette
obtenu, obtained
comptes, accounts
vides, empty
placé, placed
intéresse, interest
instruments, instruments
acier, steel
passent, pass
haine, hatred
essayé, tried
synthèse, synthesis
religieux, religious
recours, recourse
produire, produce
bourgeois, bourgeois
rayon, radius
obscurité, darkness
aise, ease
menton, chin
fermé, closed
secours, relief
publiques, public
postes, positions
particuliers, individuals
industries, industries
atomique, atomic
principaux, main
officier, officer
pareille, such
croyais, thought
accroissement, increase
particules, particles
grise, gray
reconnu, recognized
octobre, October
instruction, instruction
code, code
sueur, sweat
responsable, responsible
observer, observe
jeté, thrown
sexe, sex
nerveux, nervous
banque, bank
armand, armand
appartient, belongs
prie, pray
certitude, certainty
anciennes, old
tué, killed
tableaux, Tables
budget, budget
boue, mud
vienne, come
cellules, cells
apporter, bring
nue, naked
laine, wool
dames, Ladies
apporte, provides
vision, vision
vierge, virgin
transports, transport
sommet, top
content, happy
connue, known
adulte, adult
françois, françois
juju, juju
conséquent, Therefore
vivait, lived
tourisme, tourism
stade, stage
rencontré, met
bonjour, hello
tables, tables
former, form
zones, areas
pêche, fishing
association, association
réellement, really
réelle, real
duquel, whose
chiffre, figure
resta, remained
fièvre, fever
complexes, complex
gars, guy
soirée, evening
revenait, returned
amoureux, in love
capitale, capital
bar, bar
traces, traces
marcel, marcel
jeta, threw
admettre, admit
semblables, similar
générales, General
crédit, credit
boulevard, boulevard
substance, substance
lalla, lalla
agent, agent
rayonnement, radiance
circulation, traffic
résulte, results
lointain, distant
absolu, absolute
efficacité, effectiveness
courte, short
montant, amount
spécialement, specially
rideau, curtain
retenir, retain
récit, story
invisible, invisible
auxquelles, which
articles, Articles
chant, song
historien, historian
chaude, hot
quatrième, fourth
présentent, have
voyant, Seeing
vivante, living
fournir, provide
distribution, distribution
scolaire, school
mécanisme, mechanism
voudrait, would want
servi, served
fine, delicate
courbe, curve
soie, silk
paupières, eyelids
nus, naked
tombé, fell
déterminer, determine
costume, costume
nécessairement, necessarily
initiative, initiative
pousser, push
col, collar
rencontrer, meet
orientation, orientation
indépendance, independence
dut, had
jésus, Jesus
flotte, fleet
obligé, forced
intérieure, inner
manifeste, manifest
fleuve, river
commandement, command
ange, angel
york, york
retourna, back
fixer, fix
extension, extension
efficace, effective
tissu, tissue
plafond, ceiling
martin, martin
différences, differences
constante, constant
commande, order
cherchait, sought
université, university
relève, is
règne, reign
physiques, physical
misère, misery
larges, large
construire, build
admis, admitted
caoutchouc, rubber
ressemble, like
levant, rising
exception, exception
armées, Armed
voire, indeed
totalité, totality
parfum, perfume
solange, solange
constater, note
senti, felt
photo, photo
net, net
sources, sources
pantalon, pants
fortement, strongly
poussé, driven
commissions, Commissions
avril, April
américaine, American
songe, dream
laurent, laurent
tenté, attempted
perte, loss
jolie, pretty
serai, will
atelier, workshop
alcool, alcohol
sel, salt
russes, Russian
parlant, speaking
opéra, opera
manquait, missing
crime, crime
tourna, turned
remarquer, note
voisine, neighboring
investissements, investments
barbe, beard
allant, from
infini, infinite
suisse, Swiss
relative, on
modèles, models
frantz, Frantz
auront, will
personnalité, personality
considéré, considered
souriant, smiling
revue, review
privée, Private
entretien, maintenance
roues, wheels
regardé, watched
primaire, primary
nucléaire, nuclear
accent, accent
quasi, almost
maréchal, marshal
levé, survey
sauvage, wild
menace, threat
distinction, distinction
apparaissent, appear
couché, recumbent
marguerite, daisy
distingue, distinguishes
virus, virus
dossier, file
plaine, plain
hélas, unfortunately
cacher, hide
acquis, acquired
maladies, diseases
fidèle, faithful
cycle, cycle
comparaison, comparison
international, international
curé, priest
classification, classification
appui, support
abbé, abbot
prévoir, predict
préciser, specify
hâte, hurry
existait, was
développer, develop
ridicule, ridiculous
charbon, coal
réduire, reduce
race, race
lecteur, reader
immeuble, building
sienne, his
médecine, medicine
luxe, luxury
joli, nice
idéal, ideal
désespoir, despair
clos, closed
centaines, Hundreds
arc, arc
ouverts, open
milieux, environments
empereur, emperor
cerveau, brain
appareils, devices
albert, albert
morceaux, parts
laboratoire, laboratory
dispose, has
pleins, full
commissaire, commissioner
titres, securities
inquiétude, concern
aisément, easily
vaguement, vaguely
statut, status
firent, did
plume, pen
aurai, have
sensation, sensation
fins, for
carré, square
avantages, benefits
incapable, unable
constituer, form
milliards, billion
mathématiques, mathematics
johanna, johanna
assurance, insurance
province, province
notions, notions
expansion, expansion
devais, had
tours, towers
progressivement, progressively
murmura, murmured
messieurs, gentlemen
gêne, discomfort
fréquence, frequency
balles, balls
seins, breasts
secrets, secrets
remarquable, remarkable
ombres, shading
agricoles, agricultural
posée, asked
lueur, glow
exigences, requirements
ailes, wings
lycée, high school
conclusion, conclusion
charges, loads
ressemblait, like
résoudre, solve
iii, iii
espère, hope
clairement, clearly
travailleurs, workers
travaille, works
régulièrement, regularly
jouait, played
définitivement, finally
veste, jacket
règlement, settlement
excès, excess
employé, employee
ciment, cement
remis, given
poisson, fish
chargés, loaded
récemment, recently
prétexte, pretext
pardon, forgiveness
exprime, expresses
bel, beautiful
automne, fall
préfère, prefers
crier, shout
copains, guys
bartholoméus, Bartholomeus
phase, phase
hauts, high
pensez, think
oooo, oooo
navire, ship
magasin, store
département, department
suzanne, suzanne
soeurs, sisters
précieux, precious
désordre, disorder
tristesse, sadness
semblant, semblance
quoique, though
description, description
climat, climate
voyages, traveling
ronde, round
frappé, hit
canal, channel
vigueur, force
promis, promised
observe, observed
devint, became
boîtes, boxes
utilisé, used
amant, lover
ouvrier, worker
malheureusement, unfortunately
grille, grid
forêts, forests
collective, collective
annonce, announcement
changements, changes
autorités, authorities
puissant, powerful
membre, member
réforme, reform
proportion, proportion
parc, park
message, message
essaie, tries
verte, Green
sortait, out
risques, risk
renseignements, information
séjour, stay
montagnes, mountains
marbre, marble
géographie, geography
classiques, classical
académie, academy
venise, venice
sèche, dry
poussée, thrust
portrait, portrait
actuel, current
suffisait, enough
soins, care
revenus, earnings
perdue, lost
industrielle, Industrial
paru, published
sauver, save
nationaux, national
couteau, knife
chaussée, roadway
cave, cellar
auto, auto
frappe, strike
fig, fig
ensembles, sets
aménagement, planning
pût, could
formules, formulas
accident, accident
tourné, turned
linge, washing
entra, entered
connus, known
volant, flying
novembre, November
pente, slope
parfaite, perfect
nouvel, new
niveaux, levels
faibles, low
crie, Cree
clients, customers
taches, spots
gestion, management
considère, considers
sucre, sugar
paille, straw
fraîche, fresh
bébé, baby
venant, from
remonter, ascend
prêts, ready
jules, jules
cria, cried
bâtiments, buildings
bain, bath
forment, form
silencieux, silent
poissons, fish
perd, loses
dangereux, dangerous
solutions, solutions
propose, offers
bloc, block
royaume, kingdom
portent, are
flamme, flame
décembre, December
illusion, illusion
sensibilité, sensitivity
pomme, apple
convention, convention
soldat, soldier
bases, bases
thé, tea
meilleurs, best
imposer, impose
naître, be born
graves, serious
envoyé, envoy
chine, China
chère, dear
blonde, Blonde
ressort, spring
poing, fist
périodes, periods
instinct, instinct
institut, institute
estime, esteem
envoyer, send
capables, can
positions, positions
manifestations, events
locaux, Local
tournait, turned
souffrir, suffer
marins, marine
paule, paule
office, office
tenter, attempt
reprises, times
savons, know
secondaire, secondary
rupture, break
feux, fires
engrais, fertilizer
découvre, discovers
pandora, pandora
avenue, Avenue
seine, seine
chaussures, shoes
arriva, arrived
souris, mouse
particulières, Special
oublie, forget
nommé, named
eus, had
mettent, are
couverture, coverage
colonel, colonel
triomphe, triumph
quitte, quits
juger, judge
allemande, German
ménage, household
cabinet, cabinet
sacs, bags
nuque, neck
lucien, lucien
dimension, dimension
cuisses, thighs
indifférence, indifference
fus, was
adam, Adam
xxe, twentieth
tombait, fell
temple, temple
reprend, back
répète, repeat
participation, participation
interne, internal
banc, bench
axe, axis
tension, voltage
locales, local
programmes, programs
ennemis, enemies
adèle, adèle
truc, trick
trouvaient, were
jardins, gardens
fruit, fruit
fréquemment, frequently
procès, trial
pis, udder
passée, last
ouvrait, opened
onze, eleven
places, places
miracle, miracle
bouger, move
gabriel, gabriel
voile, veil
vente, sale
exercer, exercise
chances, odds
bureaux, offices
tabac, tobacco
possession, possession
constitué, up
investissement, investment
fameux, famous
visible, visible
traduit, translated
manche, handle
introduit, introduced
enfer, hell
destinée, destiny
théories, theories
richesse, wealth
paradis, paradise
mec, guy
intime, intimate
gardé, guarded
fausse, false
deviennent, become
cuivre, copper
vallée, valley
principales, main
maigre, lean
foyer, home
signifie, means
révèle, reveals
profession, profession
marchait, walking
intervenir, intervene
gré, will
conflit, conflict
riant, laughing
personnelle, personal
laissez, let
chalumot, chalumot
rendement, yield
tombée, fall
tiennent, take
tâches, tasks
supporter, support
trouble, disorder
mesurer, measure
janvier, January
chinois, Chinese
analogue, analogous
variables, variables
suivantes, following
ordonnance, order
génération, generation
clarté, clarity
sauter, jump
racines, roots
pommes, apples
littéraire, literary
foutre, fuck
rentre, returns
disque, disk
constamment, constantly
procédure, procedure
apercevoir, see
promenade, walk
organisations, organizations
finances, finances
catherine, catherine
rage, rage
fussent, were
servait, served
nourriture, food
moral, moral
lien, link
conserver, keep
bleus, blue
tendit, handed
talent, talent
lumières, lights
exerce, has
collaboration, collaboration
sélim, Selim
remarqué, noticed
populations, people
journées, days
concentration, concentration
refus, refusal
britanniques, British
soigneusement, carefully
infiniment, infinitely
territoires, territories
répondait, answered
pension, pension
mépris, contempt
spécial, special
représenter, represent
délai, time
mises, put
dignité, dignity
objectif, objective
gilbert, gilbert
employés, employees
doctrine, doctrine
bains, bathing
sien, his
placer, place
juifs, Jews
cache, cover
apparemment, apparently
traverse, crossing
tente, tent
suprême, supreme
pierrot, sparrow
noyau, nucleus
cherché, sought
beurre, butter
venez, just
traiter, treat
bizarre, weird
souffrance, suffering
comprenait, included
collège, college
villages, villages
repose, based
inférieure, lower
chimiques, chemical
rit, laughs
révolutionnaire, revolutionary
débat, debate
mines, mines
catholique, Catholic
appliquer, apply
troupe, troop
syndicats, unions
saisit, captures
poil, hair
disparition, disappearance
alexis, alexis
normalement, normally
habitudes, habits
plastique, plastic
innombrables, countless
asie, Asia
aie, have
soif, thirst
savants, scholars
remplacer, replace
proches, close
paraissent, appear
olga, olga
exposé, exposed
clef, key
favorable, favorable
essais, tests
chimie, chemistry
adieu, farewell
marqué, marked
baiser, kiss
statistiques, statistics
tendu, tense
active, active
futur, future
enthousiasme, enthusiasm
difficiles, difficult
automobile, automobile
puissances, powers
gagné, won
chagrin, grief
attendu, expected
affection, affection
vocation, vocation
trous, holes
réserves, reserves
péché, sin
muscles, muscles
humide, wet
effectivement, effectively
césar, Caesar
tendances, trends
naturelles, Natural
variable, variable
valise, suitcase
mienne, mine
décida, decided
construit, built
aperçut, saw
séance, session
réunion, meeting
poches, pockets
née, born
spéciale, Special
psychologique, psychological
minuscule, tiny
mets, dish
jaunes, yellows
grec, Greek
enveloppe, envelope
anglaise, English
invention, invention
formé, formed
découvertes, discoveries
artistes, artists
orgueil, pride
ennui, boredom
rapides, rapid
oeufs, eggs
groupements, groups
thérèse, therese
variété, variety
mener, lead
lac, lake
jouent, play
descend, down
chanson, song
boutique, shop
affirmer, assert
tube, tube
salaires, wages
reçoit, receives
conviction, conviction
armoire, wardrobe
amené, brought
rive, bank
juif, Jewish
essentielle, essential
collection, collection
déterminé, determined
comptait, were
commode, convenient
bandes, bands
motifs, reasons
couches, strata
constate, notes
boule, ball
occupation, occupation
liée, related
patrie, homeland
moteurs, engines
fondamentale, core
abandonné, abandoned
satisfaire, satisfy
vichy, gingham
théorique, theoretical
inquiète, concerned
assit, sat
vues, views
chauffeur, driver
réfléchir, think
prière, prayer
liens, connections
chanter, sing
barre, bar
valait, worth
utilisés, used
poème, poem
vendre, sell
napoléon, napoleon
due, due
pezner, pezner
modeste, modest
lance, lance
file, queue
supérieures, higher
estomac, stomach
susceptibles, likely
suivants, following
parlent, speak
manières, manners
lente, slow
alger, Algiers
utilise, uses
traverser, cross
faiblesse, weakness
dépasse, than
coupé, cut
témoin, witness
plaque, plate
van, van
issue, outcome
figures, Figures
capitaux, capital
tache, spot
obligation, obligation
hiérarchie, hierarchy
respiration, breathing
latin, Latin
industriels, Industrial
voyageurs, travelers
chimique, chemical
absurde, absurd
vitre, window
fier, proud
murmure, murmur
montra, showed
lourdes, heavy
identité, identity
disons, say
verra, will
scientifiques, Scientists
départements, departments
décider, decide
clé, key
roue, wheel
refuse, refuses
apprentissage, learning
appliquée, applied
staline, stalin
hitler, Hitler
bière, beer
rires, laughter
direct, direct
télévision, television
passaient, passed
obscur, dark
culte, worship
apporté, provided
restée, remained
représentent, represent
piste, track
métiers, business
gentil, nice
von, von
fusil, rifle
entraîner, train
associations, associations
archives, archives
prochaine, next
composé, compound
toits, roofs
terminé, completed
pot, pot
montrait, showed
baisse, drop
véhicule, vehicle
sortant, outgoing
rideaux, drapes
privés, private
patience, patience
avancer, advance
seize, sixteen
publicité, advertising
fournit, provides
densité, density
assuré, assured
remonte, back
précédent, previous
parlement, parliament
désigne, means
vote, vote
trafic, traffic
origines, origins
moeurs, morals
facultés, faculties
vendredi, Friday
trésor, treasure
secteurs, sectors
montée, rise
gras, fat
considérée, considered
billets, bills
statistique, statistical
station, station
refuser, refuse
institution, institution
firme, firm
corde, rope
introduction, introduction
aille, go
abandonner, abandon
puissent, can
parlaient, spoke
installé, installed
industriel, industrial
colonne, column
administrative, administrative
protéger, protect
professionnels, professionals
degrés, degrees
balance, balance
sage, wise
restaurant, restaurant
pensant, thinking
noter, note
lyon, lyon
exclusivement, exclusively
camarade, comrade
propriétaire, owner
permettait, allowed
marseille, Marseilles
cheminée, chimney
caché, hidden
vincent, vincent
remplir, fill
crée, creates
comédie, comedy
vrais, real
responsables, responsible
ouvertes, open
liaisons, links
jérôme, Jerome
fermer, close
donnaient, gave
contrat, contract
vieillard, old
suivait, followed
quantités, quantities
fragile, fragile
secrète, Secret
photos, pictures
hypothèses, assumptions
hippo, hippo
draps, sheets
cherchant, seeking
chapelle, chapel
goutte, drop
fallut, had
erreurs, errors
duc, duke
devons, have
dégager, free
contente, content
cage, cage
masque, mask
fuite, leak
casse, breakage
réalisé, achieved
ramener, bring back
poursuivre, continue
grève, strike
extrémité, end
diplôme, degree
victime, victim
situations, circumstances
pourvu, provided
fraîcheur, freshness
cimetière, cemetery
blessé, injured
lumineux, luminous
bords, edges
adversaire, opponent
lié, bound
aperçu, survey
vanessa, vanessa
probable, likely
indique, indicates
bourgeoisie, bourgeoisie
espaces, spaces
dira, tell
destruction, destruction
contient, contains
voulut, wanted
embrasser, kiss
cousin, cousin
aperçoit, see
taxi, taxi
propositions, proposals
prisonniers, prisoners
photographie, photography
major, Staff
intense, intense
guerres, wars
gouttes, drops
décrire, describe
considération, consideration
assiette, plate
répéter, repeat
nadine, nadine
couper, cut
clientèle, customers
brume, mist
optique, optical
marin, marine
bateaux, boats
souriait, smiling
principalement, mainly
organiser, organize
local, local
chats, cats
champagne, champagne
vérifier, check
simplicité, simplicity
reprise, recovery
poudre, powder
lointaine, distant
géométrie, geometry
fermée, closed
combinaison, combination
réduction, reduction
nerfs, nerves
laissent, leave
fis, did
urgence, emergency
serré, tight
pâte, paste
métro, metro
tenaient, held
obtient, obtains
historiques, historical
espérer, hope
devra, will
devenus, become
danser, dance
atomes, atoms
supérieurs, higher
ose, dares
occupé, occupied
leçons, lessons
réussite, success
pourront, can
molécules, molecules
fuir, flee
frontière, border
frapper, strike
démarche, step
décrit, described
successivement, successively
rosa, rosa
exister, exist
dormait, sleeping
avouer, confess
accomplir, do
sonore, sound
sachant, knowing
obtenus, obtained
couler, flow
subir, undergo
référence, reference
proposé, proposed
luc, luc
leçon, lesson
implique, implies
glisse, slides
connaissais, knew
applique, applies
serre, greenhouse
parvenir, achieve
montrent, show
paysan, peasant
forcément, necessarily
flics, cops
reconnaît, recognizes
poignée, handle
mères, mothers
mécanismes, mechanisms
grange, barn
générations, generations
comptoir, counter
bouge, moves
civil, civil
algérie, Algeria
admiration, admiration
passés, past
ceinture, belt
blé, wheat
raconté, told
ingénieurs, engineers
fondée, based
brouillard, fog
digne, worthy
canon, cannon
transformations, transformations
susceptible, susceptible
accepté, accepted
solitaire, solitary
ras, ras
promotion, promotion
abandon, abandonment
sons, sounds
romans, novels
organe, organ
exacte, correct
arracher, snatch
existent, exist
citer, quote
restaient, remained
devoirs, homework
attitudes, attitudes
ports, ports
gardait, kept
flammes, flames
auguste, august
alain, alain
vivent, live
provoquer, provoke
entré, entered
diversité, diversity
carton, cardboard
velours, velvet
reconnaissance, recognition
piano, piano
objectifs, objectives
mystérieux, mysterious
mien, mine
amours, love
séparation, separation
monté, mounted
modifications, changes
mettant, putting
défini, defined
compagnon, companion
caractéristique, characteristic
caisses, funds
bassin, basin
admirable, admirable
talons, heels
spécialistes, specialists
occidentale, Western
ignore, unknown
fidèles, faithful
courses, racing
approcha, approached
vastes, large
renoncer, give up
perspectives, prospects
conserve, preserve
séries, series
hélène, helen
françoise, françoise
disques, discs
sport, sport
prochain, next
prestige, prestige
lourds, heavy
fêtes, holidays
compagnons, companions
approcher, approach
touché, affected
privées, private
marchés, markets
ludo, ludo
lancer, launch
européens, European
européenne, European
eurent, had
déterminée, determined
confusion, confusion
robes, dresses
lili, lili
italien, Italian
soirs, night
séparer, separate
médecins, doctors
agathe, agate
veuve, widow
tira, fired
terreur, terror
répéta, repeated
principale, main
oubli, oblivion
lisait, read
intéressés, interested
essai, test
agréable, nice
tue, kills
successives, successive
diffusion, diffusion
besson, twin
sections, sections
religieuses, religious
regardez, look
pleines, full
matériaux, material
ingénieur, engineer
guide, guide
globale, overall
coins, corners
bottes, boots
transformer, transform
détermination, determination
assistance, assistance
partage, sharing
loisir, leisure
inspecteur, inspector
autrui, others
prépare, prepares
opposé, opposite
mécaniques, mechanical
fesses, buttocks
fermés, closed
trouvais, found
nullement, no
valable, valid
prêtre, priest
plante, plant
conceptions, designs
universelle, Universal
recettes, income
proie, prey
orage, storm
fatigué, tired
examiner, examine
arabe, Arabic
transmission, transmission
royal, royal
index, index
impatience, impatience
ampleur, magnitude
sourcils, eyebrows
relatives, on
lança, launched
justifier, justify
dizaine, decade
disaient, said
côtes, ribs
bernard, bernard
traités, treated
penses, think
frontières, borders
aimerais, would like
symbole, symbol
quartiers, neighborhoods
herbes, herbs
messe, mass
installer, install
coupable, guilty
brusque, sudden
offrait, offered
manqué, missed
lame, blade
véritables, real
inconnue, unknown
correspondance, correspondence
cigarettes, cigarettes
billet, ticket
satisfait, satisfied
limité, limited
dubreuilh, Dubreuilh
attendais, expected
volets, components
tiède, lukewarm
respirer, breathe
préfet, prefect
permanente, permanent
parla, spoke
manquer, miss
inspiration, inspiration
vivement, sharply
relief, relief
marc, marc
endroits, locations
chaises, chairs
ongles, nails
marchand, dealer
fortes, Strong
flanc, flank
déclaration, statement
toilette, toilet
sombres, dark
salariés, employees
moralité, morality
ferai, will
crut, believed
vitres, windows
taire, silence
systématique, systematic
saisi, grasped
rêver, dream
prévenir, prevent
neuve, new
fur, as
analogues, similar
amélioration, improvement
terrains, grounds
sagesse, wisdom
relever, raise
plancher, floor
partant, thus
musées, museums
applications, applications
alliance, alliance
préférence, preference
noble, noble
mortes, dead
bouteilles, bottles
béton, concrete
appelée, called
thèse, thesis
thème, theme
sévère, severe
envoie, sends
demandes, Applications
critiques, critical
verts, green
tournée, tour
toulouse, toulouse
samedi, Saturday
merveilleux, wonderful
disciplines, disciplines
congrès, congress
certificat, certificate
passions, passions
cinquième, fifth
livrer, deliver
concert, concert
tirait, fired
suivit, followed
pénétrer, penetrate
outils, tools
ouais, yeah
nuage, cloud
modalités, terms
mathématique, mathematical
lâche, coward
indications, indications
atteinte, reached
terrestre, terrestrial
soupe, soup
obstacle, obstacle
mange, eats
conclusions, Conclusions
cadavre, corpse
bâtiment, building
aviez, had
océan, ocean
nette, clear
meuble, cabinet
grain, grain
détruire, destroy
comble, packed
colonnes, Columns
suffisante, sufficient
sauvages, wild
salaire, salary
rouler, roll
racine, root
posait, posed
lewis, lewis
rotation, rotation
dommage, damage
discuter, discuss
conférence, conference
riait, laughed
personnels, personal
crédits, credits
puits, well
odeurs, odors
fondamental, fundamental
films, movies
berlin, Berlin
atlantique, Atlantic
apparente, apparent
accords, agreements
voulaient, wanted
traversé, crossed
savant, scientist
jacquemort, Timortis
ira, will
dessins, drawings
arrêtait, stopped
suivent, follow
paire, pair
majesté, majesty
lucie, lucie
suivie, followed
strasbourg, strasbourg
raymond, raymond
modifier, change
filet, net
comprit, understood
solaire, solar
sensiblement, significantly
réussit, successful
récente, recent
accompagne, accompanies
participer, participate
offert, offered
marchandises, goods
communistes, Communists
voient, see
régler, adjust
inscription, registration
harmonie, harmony
entrait, entered
engager, engage
conservation, preservation
clara, clara
surplus, surplus
préparé, prepared
poussa, pushed
ponts, bridges
directions, directions
antique, ancient
reflet, reflection
patricia, patricia
modes, modes
maintien, maintenance
magique, magic
légende, legend
grèce, Greece
franc, frank
profondes, deep
préoccupations, concerns
coton, cotton
coordination, coordination
salles, rooms
prudence, caution
poils, pile
matériels, materials
limitée, limited
juridique, legal
hall, hall
chaînes, chains
spéciales, Special
devrais, should
combinaisons, combinations
stabilité, stability
réduite, reduced
flot, flood
choisis, selected
sépare, separates
profiter, benefit
parcours, course
formidable, wonderful
employer, use
bénéfice, profit
réponses, answers
pré, meadow
orchestre, orchestra
immenses, immense
exact, exact
cadeau, gift
arrivés, arrived
robinson, robinson
gravité, severity
gagne, wins
février, February
envisager, consider
documentation, documentation
concevoir, design
allusion, allusion
universel, universal
spécifique, specific
nôtre, our
furieux, furious
chérie, dear
calculs, calculations
vaches, cows
minuit, midnight
maire, mayor
intimité, privacy
façade, façade
contenant, containing
campagnes, campaigns
wolf, wolf
surveillance, surveillance
reins, kidney
propriétaires, owners
planète, planet
perfection, perfection
décidément, decidedly
brun, brown
statue, statue
rené, rené
profil, profile
fureur, fury
document, document
client, customer
aiment, like
vache, cow
soutenir, support
regret, regret
four, oven
expliqua, explained
coude, elbow
ténèbres, darkness
roux, red
pétrole, oil
meurt, dies
façons, ways
embrasse, embrace
destiné, destined
airs, air
véhicules, vehicles
sacrifice, sacrifice
poursuit, continues
obligatoire, mandatory
hésita, hesitated
continuité, continuity
solides, solid
servent, serve
colline, hill
carrefour, crossroads
aventures, adventures
venons, just
professionnelles, professional
installation, installation
considérables, considerable
commis, committed
apparut, appeared
voisinage, neighborhood
regardais, watching
provisoire, provisional
essayait, trying
espérance, hope
dynamique, dynamic
couronne, crown
chante, sings
affirme, says
promener, walk
placés, placed
môme, kid
exprès, express
collines, hills
collectif, collective
belgique, Belgium
alimentation, supply
traditions, traditions
the, the
souple, flexible
siens, his
prenaient, took
possèdent, have
grecs, Greek
couvre, covers
copain, boyfriend
conclure, conclude
alexandre, alexandre
locale, Local
individuelle, Individual
impulsion, pulse
esthétique, aesthetic
encre, ink
constant, constant
connaissent, know
camion, truck
adaptation, adaptation
techniciens, technicians
peint, painted
montrant, showing
concrète, concrete
churchill, churchill
casquette, cap
sache, know
moscou, Moscow
jupe, skirt
firmes, firms
accepte, accepts
trucs, tips
tragique, tragic
remise, discount
putain, whore
naguère, once
lits, beds
gabrielle, gabrielle
drifter, drifter
communs, common
agence, agency
retenu, retained
réputation, reputation
occident, occident
mirent, set
dits, said
désirs, desires
substances, substances
nourrir, feed
mouches, Flies
jure, swear
drap, sheet
prouver, prove
producteurs, producers
mène, leads
clinique, clinical
chercheurs, researchers
brune, brown
brise, breeze
bordeaux, burgundy
arthur, arthur
poussant, pushing
douter, doubt
contemporains, contemporary
raisonnable, reasonable
précises, accurate
poétique, poetic
payé, paid
manoeuvre, maneuver
essor, development
dialogue, dialogue
utilisée, used
savaient, knew
massif, massive
joueur, player
intéressé, interested
chargée, loaded
prenez, take
pouce, inch
occupait, occupied
attendaient, expected
vase, vase
uranium, uranium
parles, talk
mythe, myth
intervient, intervenes
attache, clip
aboutit, results
quotidienne, daily
portaient, were
définit, defines
jetait, cast
cultures, cultures
considérations, considerations
connaissez, know
circulaire, circular
utiles, useful
tirant, pulling
quatorze, fourteen
poussait, pushed
liés, related
cristal, crystal
avançait, advanced
automatique, automatic
washington, Washington
télégramme, telegram
sensibles, sensitive
secondaires, secondary
précédente, previous
eussent, had
disposer, dispose
proportions, proportions
philosophe, philosopher
lent, slow
inférieur, lower
géographique, geographical
descendait, down
débuts, infancy
conversations, conversations
plats, dishes
laver, wash
idiot, idiot
franchement, honestly
dirai, say
tiroir, drawer
gouvernements, governments
difficilement, with difficulty
crème, cream
courait, ran
coefficient, coefficient
aptitude, fitness
vêtu, dressed
renaissance, renaissance
plomb, lead
collectivités, communities
chocolat, chocolate
chevalier, knight
aboutir, lead
tentative, attempt
sylvie, sylvie
souliers, shoes
intéresser, interest
fourni, provided
explosion, explosion
dépasser, exceed
continu, continuous
compréhension, comprehension
admet, admits
utilisant, using
trompe, trunk
taillis, coppice
rufus, rufus
prononcer, pronounce
pile, battery
monta, went up
immédiate, immediate
dispositif, device
ambition, ambition
tenez, hold
sympathie, sympathy
mlle, Ms.
fontaine, fountain
apprécier, appreciate
courante, current
considérablement, greatly
commencement, beginning
bronze, bronze
arrivent, arrive
sérieusement, seriously
regardaient, watching
naturels, natural
levée, lifting
club, club
circuit, circuit
ballon, balloon
viendra, will
tempête, storm
surfaces, surfaces
simultanément, together
raide, steep
expliqué, explained
eti, eti
assurée, provided
variation, variation
urbain, urban
tomba, fell
imbécile, idiot
scènes, scenes
puissante, powerful
propagande, propaganda
palier, level
gosse, kid
flux, flow
caresse, caress
accueil, welcome
forts, Strong
fierté, pride
défaite, defeat
balcon, balcony
attaché, attached
rentrée, return
planches, boards
penche, looks
officiel, official
marge, margin
entouré, surrounded
correspondent, match
vus, seen
ruines, ruins
organique, organic
loup, wolf
japon, Japan
boulot, job
vertes, green
remords, remorse
rechercher, search
magnifique, magnificent
financière, financial
destinés, for
descendit, down
décide, decides
connues, known
assister, assist
allées, walkways
néant, nil
divine, divine
diminution, decrease
apparaissait, appeared
spécialisés, specialized
répétait, repeated
parisienne, Paris
pape, pope
lutter, fight
immobiles, immobile
fabrique, factory
dollars, dollars
communiste, Communist
voyageur, traveler
reproche, reproach
professionnel, professional
moyennes, medium
magnétique, magnetic
légumes, vegetables
disparaît, disappears
plate, flat
pavillon, pavilion
marquer, mark
indispensables, essential
enceinte, pregnant
effectuer, do
effectifs, workforce
coffre, trunk
appelés, called
traditionnelle, traditional
restant, remaining
préféré, favorite
lisse, smooth
fonctionnaire, official
bouquet, bouquet
volumes, volumes
rompre, break
pénombre, penumbra
partager, share
matinée, morning
ier, st
développés, developed
buts, goals
vocabulaire, vocabulary
supposer, assume
schéma, diagram
réels, real
pleure, cry
oeuf, egg
intellectuelle, intellectual
exercices, exercises
contacts, Contacts
témoignage, testimony
semi, semi
réveil, revival
environs, surroundings
brève, brief
accorder, grant
réunis, together
légers, light
explications, explanations
constructions, constructions
citoyens, people
bonhomme, fellow
accompli, accomplished
vertige, vertigo
procéder, proceed
marquée, marked
japonais, Japanese
emporte, wins
casser, break
appartenant, belonging
tissus, tissue
retrouvait, found
réalisée, performed
progression, progression
pénible, painful
fantôme, ghost
dizaines, tens
convaincre, convince
choeur, choir
emporter, take
classement, ranking
barque, bark
treize, thirteen
toiles, paintings
gants, gloves
basses, low
soyez, be
promesse, promise
julie, julie
introduire, introduce
grains, grains
courtes, short
augmenter, increase
villa, villa
conquête, conquest
brillant, brilliant
probabilité, probability
gardes, guards
fixés, fixed
extérieure, external
déplacement, displacement
comités, Committees
civile, Civil
remit, handed
publié, published
paraissaient, seemed
magasins, stores
compétence, competence
varie, varies
rendent, make
raisonnement, reasoning
publication, publication
mensonge, lie
levait, rose
largeur, width
lancé, launched
excitation, excitement
dort, sleeps
destinées, for
demie, half
coûts, costs
ancêtres, ancestors
amener, bring
voisines, neighboring
rhin, Rhine
prisonnier, prisoner
concept, concept
canne, cane
banlieue, suburb
avoue, admits
enlever, remove
dirigeants, leadership
attributions, allocations
trouvera, find
regardent, watch
méditerranée, Mediterranean
maîtrise, control
lenteur, slowness
haussa, shrugged
germain, germain
coeurs, hearts
ateliers, workshops
aile, wing
travaillait, worked
prévisions, forecast
précautions, precautions
mers, seas
madeleine, madeleine
désigner, designate
députés, MPs
vitesses, speeds
sembla, seemed
rendit, made
recul, recoil
plaques, plates
ooooo, ooooo
obus, shell
mouchoir, handkerchief
mémé, granny
juliette, juliette
fixée, fixed
appartiennent, belong
acides, acids
mètre, meter
métallique, metallic
malaise, discomfort
lion, lion
intellectuel, intellectual
franchir, cross
congé, leave
charlotte, charlotte
anges, Angels
ultime, ultimate
sentier, trail
sacrée, sacred
revers, back
pencha, bent
joyeux, merry
immédiat, immediate
examens, examinations
continua, continued
conflits, conflicts
réveiller, wake up
meilleures, best
irai, go
individuel, individual
fraction, fraction
culotte, panties
cabine, cabin
bertrand, bertrand
bec, beak
appétit, appetite
aîné, elder
agitation, agitation
acheté, purchased
scandale, scandal
puissants, powerful
proposer, offer
présentait, presented
panier, basket
développe, develops
chrétienne, Christian
calculer, calculate
assaut, assault
témoins, witnesses
succession, succession
pipe, pipe
historiens, Historians
cailloux, pebbles
appellent, call
vice, vice
strictement, strictly
organisé, organized
loire, Loire
inscrit, registered
administrations, administrations
zéro, zero
variétés, variety
tronc, trunk
rappelait, recalled
obscure, obscure
intégration, integration
couverts, cutlery
banques, banks
solidarité, solidarity
rumeur, rumor
rois, Kings
réponds, answer
pareils, like
nocturne, nocturnal
métaphysique, metaphysical
culturel, cultural
apprend, learns
vertus, virtues
touristes, Tourists
soulève, raises
posséder, have
pères, fathers
lucile, lucile
librement, freely
immeubles, buildings
favorables, favorable
dramatique, dramatic
diriger, direct
complémentaires, Additional
brutalement, roughly
symboles, symbols
manivelle, crank
ignorance, ignorance
hôpitaux, hospitals
complexité, complexity
marée, tide
grade, grade
courrier, mail
cérémonie, ceremony
signal, signal
roule, rolls
retirer, withdraw
religions, religions
logement, housing
kilos, pounds
intuition, intuition
genève, Geneva
fines, fine
dise, say
courbes, curves
contrainte, constraint
ardeur, ardor
aiguille, needle
achat, purchase
refusé, refused
plaisirs, pleasure
permanent, permanent
perdus, lost
leni, leni
excuse, excuse
civilisations, Civilization
christianisme, Christianity
canons, guns
sélection, selection
recrutement, recruitment
quotidien, daily
possédait, had
penché, leaning
marx, marx
marchant, Walking
fidélité, fidelity
excellence, excellence
essentiels, essential
chansons, songs
brave, brave
autonomie, autonomy
augmente, increases
atome, atom
voler, fly
tribunal, court
symbolique, symbolic
parlez, talk
honnête, honest
durer, last
définie, defined
comprenez, understand
centimètres, centimeters
artistique, artistic
tablier, apron
responsabilités, responsibilities
réservé, reserved
diamètre, diameter
dégoût, disgust
restés, remained
ouvrant, opening
incendie, fire
globe, globe
crever, burst
chrétien, Christian
résister, resist
rejoint, joined
présenté, presented
plumes, feathers
mangé, eaten
finissait, ended
créateur, creator
accidents, accidents
soucis, troubles
pressé, pressed
pompe, pump
nucléaires, nuclear
distances, distances
crépuscule, dusk
coût, cost
contradiction, contradiction
contemporaine, Contemporary
arabes, Arab
trains, trains
tendue, tense
subi, sustained
oppose, opposed
moustache, mustache
extérieurs, external
deviner, guess
crises, crises
stratégie, strategy
prévision, forecast
paquets, packets
motif, pattern
indice, index
flic, cop
dialectique, dialectic
blond, blonde
architecture, architecture
tromper, deceive
régimes, Plans
auras, get
admission, admission
vaisselle, dishes
serviette, towel
pureté, purity
partit, left
panique, panic
osé, dared
noblesse, nobility
mystique, mystical
genres, genres
foie, liver
dresser, draw up
deuil, mourning
salaud, bastard
posés, posed
habitait, lived
démonstration, demonstration
adélaïde, Adelaide
visiblement, visibly
stavroguine, stavrogin
philosophes, philosophers
intervalle, interval
contrairement, unlike
accompagné, accompanied
régulier, regular
imaginaire, imaginary
divin, divine
dépôt, deposit
demandai, asked
composés, compounds
céder, yield
carreaux, tile
autorisation, authorization
aurez, will
arbitraire, arbitrary
pacifique, peaceful
minuscules, tiny
emplois, jobs
directeurs, Directors
spéciaux, Special
sortis, out
sièges, seating
séparés, separated
racontait, told
provoque, causes
propagation, spread
prêter, lend
poèmes, poems
inès, inès
crayon, pencil
craindre, fear
aurons, will
américaines, U.S.
ambassadeur, ambassador
suffisant, sufficient
stations, stations
romain, Roman
progressive, progressive
privilège, privilege
paisible, peaceful
légitime, legitimate
guillaume, guillaume
forcé, forced
fondé, based
discussions, discussions
populaires, Popular
galerie, gallery
couvrir, cover
boeuf, Beef
amoureuse, in love
saints, Saints
relais, relay
quarts, quarts
hésite, hesitate
gazette, gazette
désire, wishes
cravate, tie
carlos, carlos
antiquité, antiquity
venues, come
remplacé, replaced
plis, folds
léon, leon
intermédiaires, intermediate
geneviève, geneviève
tendant, tending
sourd, deaf
navigation, navigation
exposition, exposure
conclut, concludes
capitalisme, capitalism
violent, violent
prouve, proves
peintres, painters
ménager, spare
lortier, Lortier
facilité, ease
durs, hard
concepts, concepts
compagnies, companies
cap, cape
brûle, burns
ballet, ballet
traite, milking
traîner, drag
surcroît, Moreover
rites, rites
passages, passages
lampes, lamps
jeanne, Jane
entrepris, undertaken
confort, comfort
bombe, bomb
utilité, utility
résolution, resolution
garantie, warranty
familiale, domestic
demandais, asked
cesser, stop
saute, jumps
redoutable, formidable
innocence, innocence
devraient, should
battant, beating
anti, anti
accorde, grants
xviie, seventeenth
traduire, translate
reçut, received
installations, facilities
fédération, federation
espagnol, Spanish
condamné, condemned
comportant, with
autobus, bus
utilisées, used
smith, smith
seras, will be
obstacles, obstacles
identique, identical
demeurait, remained
coutume, custom
confondre, confound
aborder, approach
supplémentaire, additional
sales, dirty
représentait, represented
paroi, wall
infirmière, nurse
excellent, excellent
drapeau, flag
commissariat, police station
charlie, charlie
bat, beats
alby, alby
venais, had just
révélation, revelation
résolu, resolved
régulière, regular
préalable, prior
ouvrière, working
insectes, insects
finale, final
entendais, heard
coopération, cooperation
apportait, brought
anna, anna
adopté, adopted
tranchée, trench
relevé, statement
oblige, requires
maria, maria
inquiet, worried
industrielles, industrial
engagement, commitment
aurions, would have
appartenait, belonged
quitta, left
productivité, productivity
preuves, evidence
prétend, claims
entraînement, training
démocratie, democracy
traîne, train
restes, remains
poings, fists
plaisait, liked
nues, bare
ignorait, unknown
conventions, conventions
cloche, bell
avocat, lawyer
aimée, loved
aimable, kind
successifs, successive
retrouva, found
représentations, representations
rends, go
proposa, proposed
poignet, wrist
peindre, paint
mont, mount
métaux, metals
mauvaises, bad
fondamentales, fundamental
travaillé, worked
subit, sudden
reflets, reflections
hectares, hectares
déserte, deserted
convaincu, convinced
conservé, preserved
communications, communications
affreux, awful
spectre, spectrum
ramène, back
primaires, primary
municipal, municipal
laura, laura
indifférent, indifferent
habite, lives
comptabilité, accounting
bâton, stick
attendent, expect
amuse, Fun
amants, lovers
actif, active
revolver, revolver
retourné, back
marre, fed up
licence, license
josette, josette
ironie, irony
financiers, financial
absorption, absorption
visites, visits
tubes, tubing
troupeau, herd
reconnut, recognized
passants, passers
parallèles, parallel
obligations, obligations
entreprendre, undertake
chantiers, sites
administratives, administrative
silencieuse, silent
roches, rocks
normales, normal
marchands, merchants
inde, India
financier, financial
délicat, delicate
choisit, chooses
apparences, appearances
sergent, sergeant
présentation, presentation
offrent, offer
matérielle, material
hausse, increase
gardien, guardian
compromis, compromise
chercha, sought
biologique, biological
soupira, sighed
souffre, suffers
proximité, proximity
orange, orange
nomme, appoints
manifestation, event
inévitable, inevitable
gaieté, merriment
familiales, Family
débarrasser, rid
catastrophe, disaster
tentation, temptation
passées, past
identiques, identical
conducteur, driver
chatte, pussy
battait, beat
agustin, agustin
tranquillement, quietly
pologne, Poland
permanence, permanence
hôtels, hotels
glissa, slipped
entretenir, maintain
enseignements, lessons
conforme, consistent
comprennent, include
comportent, have
comparer, compare
commencent, begin
collèges, colleges
sortent, out
mousse, foam
lecteurs, Readers
las, las
fixes, fixed
portière, door
plaindre, complain
méfiance, distrust
loge, lodge
imaginait, imagined
hanjure, hanjure
chêne, oak
arrivant, coming
appuyé, supported
amuser, entertain
violente, violent
reprenait, resumed
relevant, under
parvenu, succeeded
mac, mac
législation, legislation
inconscient, unconscious
gêné, constrained
gendarmes, police
faisons, do
croissante, increasing
collègues, colleagues
bouton, button
serra, pressed
saisons, seasons
précédents, previous
marthe, marthe
maritime, maritime
genou, knee
fabriquer, manufacture
corte, corte
conserves, preserves
attaquer, attack
tonnage, tonnage
tirés, from
tasse, cup
singulier, singular
jouant, playing
irait, would go
humidité, humidity
combattre, fight
collectives, collective
anglo, Anglo
souplesse, flexibility
san, san
rochers, rocks
mémoires, memoirs
jus, juice
criant, crying
continent, continent
comique, comic
trajet, path
rangs, ranks
races, races
préparait, prepared
parvenait, managed
parois, walls
ignorer, ignore
ferais, would make
couloirs, corridors
chéri, darling
accroître, increase
soupir, sigh
revenant, return
reposer, rest
rentré, back
relatif, relative
mariée, married
intentions, intentions
dirige, directs
concierge, concierge
cahier, notebook
teint, dyed
prononcé, pronounced
mêle, mixes
glacé, frozen
francis, francis
constituée, up
chasseur, hunter
blouse, blouse
attirer, attract
arrêtés, arrested
ajoutait, added
administratif, administrative
tendent, tend
provenant, from
physiologie, physiology
individuelles, individual
entiers, Whole
consacré, dedicated
compliqué, complicated
attendit, waited
songer, think
ordinaires, ordinary
fermes, farms
familier, familiar
croient, believe
baisers, kisses
allongé, elongate
adversaires, opponents
rapidité, speed
opposer, oppose
fauteuils, armchairs
emmener, take
créée, created
combats, fighting
appuie, supports
visiter, visit
sphère, sphere
prévues, provided
osait, dared
médiocre, poor
douleurs, pain
couvent, convent
tendait, tended
rêvé, dreamed
poètes, Poets
partisans, supporters
expérimentale, Experimental
demandant, asking
délicate, delicate
commerciale, commercial
chronique, chronic
atomiques, atomic
améliorer, improve
sut, knew
suicide, suicide
restera, will
inventé, invented
entraîné, resulted
coule, flows
choralita, Choralita
camions, trucks
annoncer, announce
aimes, like
soumise, submitted
séances, sessions
parallèlement, in parallel
haleine, breath
escaliers, stairs
doré, golden
descendu, down
danses, dances
carnet, book
aiguilles, needles
sincère, sincere
placée, placed
oxygène, oxygen
nobles, noble
invités, guests
coûte, costs
catholiques, Catholic
amène, leads
accompagner, accompany
voûte, vault
suspension, suspension
rendus, reports
parisien, Parisian
organiques, organic
observé, observed
magie, magic
incident, incident
fragments, fragments
fantaisie, fantasy
comtesse, countess
charmant, charming
camps, camps
bicyclette, bicycle
recommencer, resume
prénom, first name
perdait, lost
mondial, global
instructions, instructions
verrons, see
médical, medical
laissée, left
grecque, Greek
douloureux, painful
dépassé, outdated
vents, wind
reçoivent, receive
modification, change
minéraux, minerals
manches, sleeves
liées, related
jarrett, jarrett
jalousie, jealousy
criait, cried
christophe, christophe
approchait, approaching
retenue, restraint
respectivement, respectively
réalisations, achievements
paysages, landscapes
normes, standards
italienne, Italian
flèche, arrow
entrent, enter
bibliothèques, libraries
aviation, aviation
victimes, casualties
sors, go out
royale, Royal
reconnais, recognize
monstre, monster
maternelle, maternal
intervalles, intervals
emploie, employs
devine, guess
cylindre, cylinder
bouts, ends
boules, bowls
avança, advanced
aliments, foodstuffs
sourde, deaf
parvient, reaches
conseiller, adviser
tut, silent
tombent, fall
rencontres, meetings
naît, born
imaginé, conceived
goûts, likes
gosses, kids
domicile, home
disparut, disappeared
desquels, which
découvrit, discovered
sauvé, saved
rampe, ramp
mystérieuse, mysterious
matelas, mattress
descente, descent
croyant, believer
conçu, designed
brûler, burn
bétail, livestock
violemment, violently
variés, varied
résultant, resultant
pleinement, fully
plainte, complaint
multiplication, multiplication
lointains, distant
glissait, slipped
curieuse, curious
contraste, contrast
cloches, bells
annonçait, announced
syndicat, union
signé, signed
servant, for
réalités, facts
psychique, psychic
perception, perception
isolé, isolated
incroyable, incredible
fixation, fixing
fameuse, famous
dons, donations
donnés, given
descendant, descendant
cons, cons
cancer, cancer
canada, Canada
betty, betty
adresser, address
trouvée, found
sols, soil
profondeurs, depths
prétendre, claim
présents, present
placard, cupboard
musiciens, musicians
isolés, isolated
essaya, tried
engagé, committed
cirque, circus
arrêtée, stopped
adapter, adapt
absent, absent
touchant, touching
superbe, superb
rapprocher, closer
partait, left
nuances, shades
géant, giant
extérieures, external
dormi, slept
détruit, destroyed
dépôts, deposits
comprenant, including
collections, collections
colle, glue
auriez, would have
joueurs, Players
italiens, Italian
gravement, seriously
fusion, fusion
final, final
confier, entrust
bancs, shoals
volontaire, voluntary
verticale, vertical
support, support
situé, situated
rude, rough
princesse, princess
planté, planted
patronne, landlady
mâle, male
indéfiniment, indefinitely
européen, European
dépense, expenditure
croissant, increasing
arguments, case
agisse, whether
rédaction, writing
réclame, claiming
copie, copy
chevelure, hair
babé, babe
abondance, abundance
titulaires, holders
rêverie, daydream
raies, rays
oreiller, pillow
max, max
incertitude, uncertainty
impossibilité, impossibility
divisions, divisions
considérés, considered
cafés, cafes
assemblées, Meetings
appela, called
rôles, roles
paume, palm
musicien, musician
merveille, marvel
juges, Judges
indiquer, indicate
circonstance, circumstance
chaux, lime
traversée, crossing
rationnelle, rational
pleurait, cried
ivre, drunk
internationales, international
guise, As
fric, money
convenable, suitable
bijoux, jewelry
bible, Bible
acteur, actor
officielle, official
littéraires, literary
inspection, inspection
discrétion, discretion
tentatives, attempts
surgir, arise
réglementation, regulation
posées, asked
philosophique, philosophical
nôtres, ours
gouverneur, governor
détachement, detachment
courts, short
complicité, complicity
cherchent, seek
signaler, report
romero, romero
originalité, originality
occasions, opportunities
nier, deny
malheurs, troubles
linguistique, linguistic
laissaient, left
essayant, trying
efforce, tries
dus, due
boutons, buttons
serrer, tighten
serrée, tight
réflexions, reflections
partiellement, partially
mathias, mathias
fout, fout
dossiers, records
développée, developed
variées, varied
réussir, succeed
précédentes, previous
posent, pose
piège, trap
parlementaire, parliamentary
original, original
gai, gay
démontrer, demonstrate
chrétiens, Christians
apercevait, seen
vraies, true
serrait, pressed
occupée, occupied
immobilité, immobility
hydrogène, hydrogen
global, overall
coulait, flowed
conférences, conferences
cabane, hut
bond, jump
tir, shooting
télé, TV
soumettre, submit
rendue, made
précaution, caution
développé, developed
appuyer, support
surveiller, monitor
stupeur, stupor
spontanément, spontaneously
socialiste, socialist
roche, rock
reproduction, reproduction
pique, pike
pasteur, pastor
nostalgie, nostalgia
monopole, monopoly
lis, lily
intéressait, interest
insuffisance, insufficiency
foutu, fucking
boit, drinks
timide, shy
sociologique, sociological
prier, pray
précédemment, previously
mélancolie, melancholy
insupportable, unbearable
financières, financial
cassé, broken
agissant, acting
whisky, whiskey
uni, united
thèmes, themes
recevait, received
quittait, left
pénètre, penetrates
coupes, cuts
abîme, abyss
zaza, zaza
sultan, sultan
souvient, remembers
ronds, round
réalise, realizes
minces, thin
menait, led
grenier, attic
exemplaires, copies
vives, bright
trame, weft
nappe, tablecloth
moindres, lower
formant, forming
filets, netting
dégage, emerges
chasser, hunt
acquérir, acquire
wallas, wallas
vieillards, old
stupide, stupid
soutien, support
romaine, Roman
internes, internal
enseigne, sign
défauts, defects
contribution, contribution
abandonnée, abandoned
trouvant, finding
tracé, route
reviens, back
quête, quest
psychanalyse, psychoanalysis
nid, nest
maigres, thin
lundi, Monday
impuissance, impotence
hanches, hips
expliquait, explained
existant, existing
essentielles, essential
endormir, sleep
emblée, immediately
douzaine, dozen
cousine, cousin
cerf, deer
attribuer, assign
algues, algae
végétaux, plant
mobiles, mobile
inconnus, unknown
entières, Whole
enfermé, confined
couverte, covered
baron, baron
voyaient, saw
souveraineté, sovereignty
souligner, stress
situe, is
réflexe, reflex
prime, premium
molle, soft
marceau, marceau
exemplaire, copy
bagnole, jalopy
autriche, Austria
vise, is
vélo, bike
veines, veins
spirituelle, spiritual
prévue, scheduled
pourrai, could
nouveauté, novelty
muette, dumb
mobile, mobile
lot, lot
effectif, effective
domination, domination
désigné, designated
ruine, ruin
pareilles, such
papillon, butterfly
moulin, mill
monuments, Monuments
impôt, tax
grimace, grin
cendres, ashes
bleues, blue
battu, beaten
traitements, treatments
super, great
refusait, refused
projection, projection
porcelaine, porcelain
permit, allowed
pensent, think
ours, bear
nés, born
monétaire, monetary
appliqué, applied
adopter, adopt
regrette, sorry
réception, reception
initiale, initial
crimes, crimes
couples, couples
cortège, procession
constituant, constituent
concret, concrete
collectivité, community
attentif, careful
ajouté, added
syrie, Syria
sinistre, sinister
sérieuse, serious
rural, rural
mouillé, wet
jeudi, Thursday
interroger, question
audace, boldness
angiolina, Angiolina
actuelles, current
abstrait, abstract
révéler, reveal
réalisés, made
patte, paw
nancy, nancy
interminable, endless
infinie, infinite
hésitation, hesitation
conduisait, driving
buste, bust
bonsoir, good evening
bonaparte, bonaparte
apport, contribution
allions, went
verras, see
traditionnel, traditional
respire, breathing
obtenue, obtained
limiter, limit
jugé, considered
hugo, hugo
arrivaient, arrived
allume, lights
achevé, completed
zénon, zeno
voulons, want
souhaite, wishes
remplit, fills
rempli, filled
prêtres, Priests
domestiques, domestic
demeurer, remain
critères, criteria
chantait, singing
blessure, injury
autonome, autonomous
abandonne, abandons
tenais, wanted
saura, will
ruisseau, creek
révolutionnaires, revolutionary
releva, raised
régionale, Regional
observateur, observer
nommés, appointed
mou, soft
méchant, wicked
libérer, release
inventer, invent
indépendamment, independently
illusions, illusions
faciliter, facilitate
emporté, away
consacrer, devote
vieillesse, old age
solde, balance
revenue, back
produisent, produce
effectue, performs
dressé, trained
continué, continued
cadavres, corpses
trouverait, find
tonnerre, thunder
romains, Roman
réunions, meetings
relèvent, are
prenne, take
plaire, please
malheureuse, unfortunate
indiqué, indicated
acteurs, actors
scolaires, school
quais, docks
pertes, losses
parvint, reached
frein, brake
fausses, false
familial, family
céleste, heavenly
viendrait, would come
perfectionnement, improvement
parts, parts
meurtre, murder
initial, initial
hygiène, hygiene
croisés, Crusaders
charité, charity
cathédrale, cathedral
aiguë, acute
serons, will
retient, retains
promesses, promises
phases, phases
parallèle, parallel
opère, operates
failli, bankrupt
cavaliers, Riders
breton, breton
bonté, goodness
azote, nitrogen
traversa, crossed
singulièrement, singularly
réveille, wake up
ranger, ranger
photographies, photographs
personnellement, personally
confus, confused
brûlant, burning
béatrix, Beatrix
transforme, transforms
souffert, suffered
risquait, could
positif, positive
mentale, Mental
inversement, inversely
influences, influences
goûter, taste
george, george
crié, shouted
blessés, wounded
bal, ball
studio, studio
sitôt, soon
sentis, felt
plonge, plunges
pêcheurs, fishermen
fromage, cheese
exécuter, execute
exceptionnelle, exceptional
effacer, delete
détour, detour
cordes, strings
communiquer, communicate
brillants, brilliant
barrière, barrier
avancé, advanced
yvonne, yvonne
rocher, rock
réunir, gather
repartir, restart
potentiel, potential
pote, buddy
mouche, fly
miroirs, mirrors
instituteur, teacher
banquette, bench
volé, stolen
traditionnelles, traditional
tailleur, tailor
respecter, respect
récits, stories
psychologiques, psychological
manuscrits, manuscripts
intellectuels, intellectuals
fondamentaux, fundamental
financement, funding
exploitations, farms
crête, crest
brutale, brutal
voulant, wanting
urss, ussr
tranche, slice
refaire, redo
pointes, tips
inutiles, unnecessary
instituteurs, teachers
fibres, fibers
délire, delirium
ascenseur, lift
annonça, announced
torse, torso
régnait, reigned
jetant, throwing
ioo, ioo
interpréter, interpret
intelligent, intelligent
grotte, cave
gentiment, kindly
forcer, force
finie, finite
demeurant, remaining
aire, area
adjudant, adjutant
suppression, removal
rez, ground
noeuds, nodes
nicole, nicole
muet, dumb
majeure, major
jaloux, jealous
gamin, kid
esclaves, slaves
ennuie, bored
engage, committed
drôlement, oddly
contrôler, control
continuent, continue
affirmation, assertion
wagons, cars
vaincre, overcome
répertoire, repertoire
primitive, primitive
pan, Pan
misérable, miserable
journaliste, journalist
garage, garage
diamant, diamond
délégué, delegate
coordonnées, coordinates
clan, clan
baissa, lowered
visiteurs, visitors
théoriques, theoretical
souvenait, remembered
secoua, shook
répétition, repetition
géométrique, geometric
fiche, plug
exportations, exports
appels, calls
aisance, ease
transfert, transfer
sonne, sounds
serez, will
rigoureusement, rigorously
refuge, refuge
rat, rat
marchande, Merchant
invité, guest
invisibles, invisible
glissé, slipped
attendez, wait
universités, universities
porchon, Porchon
opinions, views
lâcher, release
habituellement, usually
gamme, range
fossé, ditch
créature, creature
couvercle, lid
cités, cited
briques, bricks
administratifs, administrative
vingtaine, around twenty
vies, lives
victoria, victoria
silhouettes, silhouettes
passagers, passengers
panneau, panel
nièvès, Nevis
manuel, manual
horloge, clock
demandent, ask
cristaux, crystals
complice, accomplice
angles, angles
analyses, analyzes
trembler, tremble
réelles, real
ivresse, intoxication
isolement, isolation
impôts, taxes
hommage, tribute
dresse, stands
dessein, design
compétition, competition
chantier, site
bagages, baggage
voiles, sails
timbre, stamp
talus, bank
suspendu, suspended
supprimer, remove
signature, signature
retire, withdraws
remet, gives
réfléchit, reflects
pudeur, modesty
panneaux, panels
mêlée, melee
interventions, interventions
identifier, identify
dues, due
définitif, final
défi, challenge
commercial, commercial
cercles, circles
buffet, buffet
apprit, learned
stage, course
salons, fairs
présentant, with
opérer, operate
inconvénients, disadvantages
détente, relaxation
crains, fear
communion, Communion
argument, argument
systématiquement, systematically
récentes, Recent
prirent, took
mettez, put
menaces, threats
imiter, imitate
humour, humor
fautes, mistakes
faiblement, weakly
faces, faces
exigence, requirement
diminuer, decrease
civils, civilians
biais, through
berger, shepherd
attachés, attached
alerte, alert
xvie, sixteenth
rapporte, reports
positive, positive
parlons, talk
manifester, manifest
laboratoires, laboratories
journalistes, journalists
insister, insist
feront, will
constatation, finding
cauchemar, nightmare
casque, helmet
carmen, carmen
bourse, scholarship
altitude, altitude
véronique, veronica
tests, tests
serrant, tightening
sabots, clogs
régionaux, regional
recommence, again
molécule, molecule
modifié, modified
lumineuse, light
inventaire, inventory
installe, installs
groupement, group
glaces, Ice
franck, franck
enquêtes, investigations
débats, proceedings
confié, entrusted
admirer, admire
achève, ends
révélé, revealed
régionales, regional
outil, tool
jetée, pier
installés, installed
illustre, illustrious
faisceau, beam
employée, employee
diagnostic, diagnosis
collaborateurs, employees
chars, tanks
brutal, brutal
aidé, helped
tiffauges, Tiffauges
suffi, enough
sieur, Mr.
rentrant, returning
provoqué, caused
formée, formed
exportation, export
cuisse, thigh
craint, fears
avancement, advancement
amiral, admiral
véritablement, truly
sixième, sixth
rétablir, restore
ressemblent, like
mandat, mandate
logis, dwelling
indiens, Indian
endormi, asleep
désastre, disaster
cire, wax
cachait, hiding
traduction, translation
occupent, occupy
indépendante, independent
déficit, deficit
courut, ran
casserole, pan
and, and
spécifiques, specific
pèse, weighs
mythes, Myths
joies, joys
filer, spin
ferma, closed
dominante, dominant
demeura, remained
délégation, delegation
définies, defined
buvait, drank
authentique, authentic
assiettes, plates
aimez, like
addition, addition
rides, Wrinkles
phares, headlights
mômes, kids
insiste, insists
horrible, horrible
divan, couch
discrètement, discreetly
contenter, satisfy
bougeait, moved
alimentaires, Food
valises, bags
traction, traction
statues, statues
remarqua, noticed
nommer, name
moine, monk
mêler, mix
imitation, imitation
formés, trained
directoire, directory
déroulement, progress
député, deputy
dangers, dangers
comprenais, understand
zazie, zazie
tremblait, trembling
serrés, tight
pourcentage, percentage
noyaux, stones
dates, dates
borne, terminal
bol, bowl
boches, Boche
ayez, have
assisté, attended
artisans, artisans
robinet, tap
représenté, represented
inscriptions, Registration
exposer, expose
esclave, slave
déclara, said
brillante, brilliant
verdun, verdun
spectateurs, spectators
roulait, rolling
renoncé, waived
ouvrent, open
organisée, organized
nantes, nantes
musicale, musical
mettaient, put
intéressent, interest
inspiré, inspired
extra, extra
commençaient, began
blouson, jacket
aigu, acute
soviétiques, Soviet
régiment, regiment
prés, meadows
menu, menu
justifie, justifies
hostile, hostile
desquelles, which
conduites, piping
candidat, candidate
baraque, booth
ruban, tape
réflexes, reflexes
primitif, primitive
perles, Pearls
observa, observed
marier, marry
interviennent, involved
hostilité, hostility
gide, gide
entrant, incoming
engins, gear
déclare, said
bourgeoise, bourgeois
barbier, barber
artillerie, artillery
achever, finish
wagon, wagon
trompé, deceived
tit, tit
session, session
sèches, dry
retrait, withdrawal
réservée, reserved
procède, proceeds
priori, priori
prenons, take
pins, pine
million, million
jouaient, played
habituelle, usual
coudes, elbows
centrales, central
brûlé, burnt
argile, clay
troupeaux, herds
tige, stem
soucieux, concerned
pressions, pressures
préférait, preferred
poursuite, pursuit
neutre, neutral
montaient, amounted
localisation, location
enregistrement, recording
enlève, removes
emplacement, location
déteste, hate
critère, criterion
vanité, vanity
surprendre, surprise
rousseau, rousseau
proposait, proposed
jouir, enjoy
joint, joint
ionesco, ionesco
expressions, expressions
craignait, feared
tristes, sad
tribu, tribe
trentaine, about thirty
surgit, arises
sûreté, safety
soulever, raise
prétendait, claimed
parisiens, Paris
offensive, offensive
luxembourg, luxembourg
fondre, melt
exaltation, exaltation
dispersion, dispersion
dépendent, depend
célèbres, famous
assises, assizes
animale, Animal
agences, agencies
vitrine, showcase
riz, rice
restauration, restoration
rapproche, close
normandie, Normandy
macaire, macaire
juré, sworn
giraud, giraud
fécondité, fertility
dissimuler, hide
devenaient, became
carrés, square
bullit, bullit
bombes, bombs
bilan, balance sheet
bensoussan, Bensoussan
angélique, angelic
allumer, turn on
vigne, vine
serrées, tight
robin, Robin
registre, register
octave, octave
machinalement, mechanically
consulter, consult
briser, break
semblé, seemed
reprenant, resuming
régis, governed
pus, pus
obéir, obey
jouissance, enjoyment
extrémités, extremities
domine, dominates
disposent, have
devront, will
conformément, accordance
automatiquement, automatically
amertume, bitterness
transformé, transformed
reconstituer, reconstruct
prusse, Prussia
petiot, petiot
morales, moral
lèvre, lip
enfoncer, push
contribué, contributed
anthropologie, anthropology
alluma, lit
rigoureuse, rigorous
rêvait, dreamed
remarquables, remarkable
reconnue, recognized
réalisme, realism
poumons, lungs
polonais, Polish
plessis, plessis
pédagogique, educational
pacte, pact
nécessités, needs
mecs, Guys
individuels, Individual
homogène, homogeneous
expédition, expedition
dunkerque, dunkirk
débris, debris
couvertures, blankets
amas, heap
actuels, current
achats, purchases
vendu, sold
soulagement, relief
ralenti, slow motion
pendule, pendulum
miens, mine
messages, Posts
merveilleuse, wonderful
manuscrit, manuscript
futurs, future
fréquente, frequent
frappa, struck
détresse, distress
décrets, decrees
conscient, conscious
champignons, mushrooms
bistrot, pub
associés, associated
analyser, analyze
végétation, vegetation
relatifs, on
régularité, regularity
recouvert, coated
précède, aboveallow
permettra, would allow
paye, pay
observait, observed
nerf, nerve
islam, Islam
dorée, golden
dangereuse, dangerous
contexte, context
brosse, brush
armé, armed
zinc, zinc
volée, flight
versailles, versailles
soudaine, sudden
rendant, making
reçus, received
imposait, imposed
habileté, skill
extrêmes, extreme
daisy, daisy
comparable, comparable
canaux, channels
version, version
vaudreuil, vaudreuil
terminée, completed
saut, jump
romantique, romantic
reviennent, back
posant, posing
mentalité, mentality
lycées, high schools
jumeaux, twins
juilleti, juilleti
fixées, fixed
faciles, easy
conseillers, Councillors
conjoncture, conjuncture
clés, Key
clairs, clear
blocs, blocks
aurore, dawn
tronche, face
terminer, finish
serpent, snake
ressemblance, resemblance
règlements, regulations
reconnaissait, recognized
passèrent, passed
maritimes, Maritime
malin, malignant
john, john
daniel, daniel
créés, created
continuant, continuing
connaissons, know
compose, consists
amateurs, amateur
sortaient, came out
professions, occupations
procurer, obtain
porteur, carrier
mobilier, furniture
mahmoud, mahmoud
lames, blades
joindre, join
frappant, striking
fantômes, Ghosts
excellente, excellent
dissuasion, deterrence
déplacements, travel
culturelle, cultural
croûte, crust
collé, glued
claque, slap
chants, songs
cadeaux, gifts
boucher, butcher
antérieure, previous
shaughnessy, Shaughnessy
secs, dry
salive, saliva
roulant, rolling
réciproque, reciprocal
pires, worst
mouton, sheep
marques, brands
ions, ions
innocent, innocent
indices, Index
demeurent, remain
décisive, decisive
cousins, cousins
cachée, hidden
visiteur, visitor
verdier, greenfinch
secoue, shakes
peser, weigh
narines, nostrils
jet, jet
franco, Franco
excusez, Excuse
détermine, determines
destination, destination
contempler, contemplate
boucles, curls
appuyant, pressing
approbation, approval
transporter, transport
miel, honey
lorraine, Lorraine
lointaines, distant
habituel, usual
exceptionnel, exceptional
douteux, doubtful
colonies, colonies
citoyen, citizen
bataillon, battalion
wronski, Wronski
vulgaire, vulgar
supériorité, superiority
prairies, grassland
portefeuille, portfolio
missions, Missions
loisirs, Leisure
indication, indication
hollande, Holland
fermeture, closure
enfonce, sinks
dessine, draws
coutumes, customs
conçoit, designs
clous, nails
usages, uses
restreint, narrow
ressorts, springs
ressembler, like
portail, portal
matins, morning
classer, classify
chauffage, heating
tremble, aspen
sauce, sauce
poupée, doll
partenaire, partner
parcelles, plots
organisés, organized
obligatoirement, mandatory
noeud, node
nerveuse, nervous
moutons, sheep
mêlé, mixed
locomotive, locomotive
future, future
corpuscule, corpuscle
analogie, analogy
acquise, acquired
tint, held
sorties, outputs
richesses, wealth
nègre, negro
hôte, host
graisse, fat
exil, exile
ennuis, trouble
biologie, biology
vêtement, clothing
verrez, see
spécialisées, specialized
satisfaisante, satisfactory
poule, hen
inscrire, enroll
douloureuse, painful
chasseurs, Hunters
planche, board
montent, rise
empêchait, prevented
dépendance, dependence
coq, cock
claires, clear
cadence, cadence
arezki, arezki
usure, wear
réplique, replica
régional, regional
loups, Wolves
façades, facades
donnez, give
déplacer, move
délégués, Delegates
caractérise, characterizes
assurément, certainly
aperçus, insights
annoncé, announced
trahison, betrayal
suivis, followed
subsiste, remains
secrétariat, secretariat
roulé, rolled
retiré, withdrawn
renouvellement, renewal
pourrions, could
importations, imports
habitué, accustomed
habiter, dwell
clérambard, clérambard
chou, cabbage
cercueil, coffin
ultra, Ultra
triple, triple
tempes, temples
stable, stable
spectateur, spectator
sanglots, sobs
réalisées, performed
ramasser, pick up
péril, peril
peines, pains
marié, married
madjid, Majid
justification, justification
indes, Indies
cylindres, cylinders
bordel, whorehouse
attacher, attach
tais, shut up
sonnerie, ring
sonner, ring
sécheresse, drought
rite, rite
remarques, remarks
prières, prayers
pots, pots
porta, carried
piston, piston
penchant, penchant
parlais, talking
irrésistible, irresistible
farine, flour
entente, agreement
diplomatique, diplomatic
commerciales, commercial
accueillir, welcome
substituer, substitute
souverain, sovereign
récolte, harvest
plages, beaches
parquet, parquet
originale, Original
marcha, walked
livré, delivered
lez, lez
inférieurs, lower
formaient, formed
bornes, bounds
attraction, attraction
abus, abuse
transition, transition
soigner, treat
réseaux, networks
redressa, straightened
invite, invite
initiatives, initiatives
fumer, smoke
espérait, hoped
déceler, detect
cessait, ceased
analytique, analytical
adhésion, membership
traversant, crossing
subventions, grants
sensations, sensations
rats, rats
pli, fold
pesait, weighed
parcourir, travel
matérielles, material
désignés, designated
découvrait, discovered
couchée, lying
commerçants, traders
bougie, candle
arranger, arrange
allumé, lit
allemandes, German
agriculteurs, farmers
veiller, ensure
spécialiste, specialist
réside, is
reculer, back
prenais, took
nathalie, nathalie
mixte, mixed
marsi, marsi
libéré, released
légères, Light
injustice, injustice
imaginais, imagined
fracas, crash
figi, Figi
distincts, separate
diminue, decreases
couramment, fluently
claquer, slam
arrache, hard
amies, friends
werner, werner
sourires, Smiles
remercie, thank
prospérité, prosperity
poursuivi, pursued
poli, polished
officiels, official
juridiques, Legal
juini, juini
intéressante, interesting
démographique, demographic
crus, raw
contrats, contracts
combattants, fighters
baccalauréat, baccalaureate
aveu, confession
assassin, assassin
adolescence, adolescence
tendres, tender
spirituel, spiritual
soutenu, supported
selle, saddle
rousse, redhead
publier, publish
profits, profits
pompes, pumps
personnalités, personalities
parapsychologie, parapsychology
internationaux, international
hésiter, hesitate
haie, hedge
habile, skillful
grises, gray
familière, familiar
enterrement, burial
culturels, cultural
costumes, Costumes
compléter, complete
cessa, ceased
alsace, Alsace
urbaine, Urban
trésors, treasures
traversait, crossing
téléphoner, call
saisie, seizure
ruelles, lanes
répondis, answered
quittant, Leaving
précieuses, valuable
mangeait, ate
interprète, interpreter
formations, training
domestique, domestic
couru, run
considérait, considered
circuits, circuits
changeait, changed
voltaire, voltaire
située, located
serge, serge
politesse, politeness
permission, permission
parenté, kinship
nice, nice
neufs, new
louvre, louvre
lapin, rabbit
installée, installed
dupont, smith
doctrines, doctrines
disposé, willing
contenir, contain
chers, expensive
blonds, Blonde
auxiliaires, Auxiliary
zober, Zober
trône, throne
travaillent, work
transmettre, transmit
thermique, thermal
tenus, required
socialistes, Socialist
sincérité, sincerity
réunit, meets
portraits, portraits
personnelles, personal
permettrait, would 
obligés, forced
mèche, wick
malentendu, misunderstanding
inconvénient, disadvantage
humble, humble
habillé, dressed
finis, Finished
entoure, surrounds
douche, shower
dominer, dominate
dérisoire, derisory
cavalier, rider
brisé, broken
attire, attracts
vivantes, Living
singe, monkey
rigide, rigid
réformes, reforms
indigènes, native
héritage, heritage
gigantesque, gigantic
fouet, whip
dirigea, directed
dentelle, lace
débarquement, landing
causer, cause
apparu, appeared
usé, worn
suivirent, followed
sports, Sports
situer, locate
réduits, reduced
quiconque, whoever
pneus, tires
physiologique, physiological
manoeuvres, maneuvers
hervé, hervé
glissant, sliding
glacée, Ice
fournissent, provide
fonte, melting
exercent, exercise
disponible, available
disciples, disciples
creuse, hollow
contraint, constrained
attachement, attachment
apporta, brought
achète, buys
touchait, touched
réveillé, awake
répondent, meet
quinzaine, fifteen
productions, productions
prévenu, warned
négociations, talks
féminin, female
entraînant, resulting
convenait, appropriate
consultation, consultation
cohésion, cohesion
chaudes, hot
aveugles, Blind
astres, stars
assurances, Insurance
appréciation, appreciation
abstraite, abstract
veston, jacket
spontanée, spontaneous
sauté, jumped
rentrait, returned
réglé, set
patrons, bosses
métropole, metropolis
mention, mention
marteau, hammer
lisière, edge
glandes, glands
fonctionner, function
flottait, floated
embrassa, embraced
dureté, hardness
détacher, detach
bouches, mouths
accroché, hooked
tragédie, tragedy
prudent, cautious
objective, objective
multitude, multitude
juive, Jewish
gaffe, gaffe
fière, proud
féminine, Women
déclaré, declared
chevet, bedside
assurent, ensure
amateur, amateur
répondant, responding
pauvreté, poverty
paradoxe, paradox
orientale, Eastern
médicale, Medical
maintes, many
lourdement, heavily
innovation, innovation
henry, henry
flancs, flanks
finesse, fineness
fatiguée, tired
durable, durable
connaissaient, knew
alice, alice
suffirait, would be enough
répété, repeated
rassurer, reassure
pin, pine
parlementaires, MPs
mairie, town hall
insistance, insistence
imposent, impose
formelle, formal
foire, fair
entendez, hear
dubois, dubois
donnera, will
dirigée, directed
décisif, decisive
débit, debit
contradictoires, contradictory
brillait, shone
barrage, dam
surprenant, surprising
rituel, ritual
pat, stalemate
passera, will
nuance, shade
logements, housing
inégalité, inequality
fluctuations, fluctuations
flots, waves
fermées, closed
dirais, would say
devez, have
balzac, balzac
avaler, swallow
associé, associate
anneau, ring
alpes, Alps
abstraction, abstraction
verrait, would see
tempérament, temperament
suède, suede
séparait, separated
rima, rima
revois, remember
rassembler, gather
profonds, deep
participe, participates
modernisation, modernization
métalliques, metal
menée, conducted
majeur, major
lisant, reading
lectures, readings
lassitude, weariness
habits, clothes
forteresse, fortress
donnerait, would give
disponibles, available
déterminées, determined
buissons, bushes
brute, brute
associer, associate
volontairement, willingly
tremblement, tremor
traînait, lying
souhaitable, desirable
saluer, salute
réguliers, regular
rangée, row
provisoirement, tentatively
moines, monks
modestes, modest
joyce, joyce
coupés, cut
coquille, shell
contours, contours
commander, order
brûlait, burned
briller, shine
berceau, cradle
automobiles, automobile
veau, calf
valoir, argued
souleva, lifted
songes, dreams
reposait, was based
rangées, rows
pseudo, nick
inertie, inertia
faïence, earthenware
expriment, express
espoirs, hopes
décharge, discharge
cure, cure
constitués, formed
caresses, caresses
canapé, couch
baie, bay
artisan, craftsman
vivaient, lived
vernis, varnish
urbanisme, town planning
taper, type
tape, slap
souffrait, suffering
rock, rock
reproduire, reproduce
recueillir, collect
précieuse, valuable
latine, Latin
fréquent, frequent
foudre, lightning
foin, hay
extrait, extract
défendu, forbidden
convenu, agreed
batterie, battery
acquisition, acquisition
accusé, accused
triangle, triangle
termine, ends
tarifs, rates
sursaut, start
socialisme, socialism
recouvre, covers
princes, Princes
prestations, services
patient, patient
mentir, lie
isoler, isolate
doué, gifted
bonnet, cap
vignes, vines
vénus, Venus
tombeau, tomb
terrestres, land
synthétique, synthetic
savon, soap
rivage, shore
retournant, back
résidence, residence
rattraper, catch up
partition, partition
particule, particle
multiplier, multiply
micro, micro
maroc, Morocco
lola, lola
initiation, initiation
foyers, homes
faubourg, suburb
familiers, familiar
croyances, beliefs
considérées, considered
close, close
biologiques, biological
ascension, ascent
amusant, funny
accessoires, accessories
vins, wines
user, use
solidement, firmly
priorité, priority
orienter, guide
entendue, heard
enseigner, teach
emmène, takes
efficaces, effective
départemental, departmental
conduisent, lead
commandé, ordered
appelaient, called
anonyme, anonymous
affronter, confront
trajectoire, trajectory
tombant, falling
rebord, edge
porteurs, Holders
perpétuel, perpetual
pensions, pensions
offerte, offered
manquent, lack
irma, irma
insolite, unusual
gentille, nice
généreux, generous
fourrure, fur
figurent, are
dudard, Dudard
correspondants, corresponding
continuaient, continued
communautés, communities
auditeurs, audience
soupçon, suspicion
renault, renault
remède, remedy
ramené, reduced
primitifs, primitive
pôles, poles
offrit, offered
mercure, mercury
légion, legion
injuste, unfair
humides, wet
gâteau, cake
gain, gain
falloir, have to
exigeait, required
dérive, drift
der, der
correctement, correctly
clôture, closing
brevet, patent
avrili, avrili
accrue, increased
vérification, verification
tombaient, fell
théologie, theology
sncf, sncf
samba, samba
plastiques, plastic
ordures, garbage
noté, noted
noces, wedding
florence, Florence
contenait, contained
carrée, square
vengeance, revenge
secrètes, secret
proportionnelle, proportional
magnétiques, magnetic
interrompit, interrupted
inspire, inspired
futaie, grove
fume, smoke
enfermer, lock
devinait, guessed
ciments, cements
avancée, progress
témoigne, testifies
syndicalisme, unionism
révolutions, revolutions
retomber, relapse
restèrent, remained
rails, tracks
notaire, notary
notables, Notable
guérir, cure
fusils, guns
fréquences, frequencies
favoriser, promote
exécutif, executive
dessiner, draw
cybernétique, cybernetics
autel, altar
ancienneté, seniority
adore, love
terribles, terrible
symétrie, symmetry
spectacles, shows
silencieusement, silently
referma, closed
recourir, resort
ravitaillement, refueling
promenades, walks
pratiquer, practice
négative, negative
linéaire, linear
emportait, outweighed
doubles, double
dirigé, directed
devenues, become
développements, developments
complémentaire, complementary
compensation, compensation
commandes, commands
chouette, owl
auberge, inn
accordée, granted
vêtue, dressed
valin, valin
téléphoné, telephoned
supporte, supports
séparé, separate
rompu, broken
rêveur, dreamer
retrouvée, found
retournait, back
rappelé, recalled
quoiqu', ALTHOUGH
poêle, stove
ministères, Ministries
marron, brown
manie, mania
hauteurs, heights
franchi, crossed
fillette, child
expérimentation, experimentation
chaussettes, socks
bougé, moved
bénéficier, benefit
baisser, lower
assurant, ensuring
apportent, bring
abattre, down
tutelle, guardianship
troncs, trunks
tournent, turn
tonneaux, barrels
prendrait, take
pêcheur, fisherman
musical, musical
morne, bleak
inconnues, unknown
importait, important
haies, hedges
fonder, base
falaise, cliff
exiger, require
envisagé, considered
déclin, decline
composée, composed
baudelaire, baudelaire
adoptée, adopted
théoriquement, theoretically
tactique, tactic
sages, wise
refusa, refused
réfléchi, thoughtful
referme, closes
penchée, Leaning
intimes, intimate
intérieurs, interior
fumées, smoke
fonctionne, works
désignant, designating
corse, Corsican
chapitres, Chapters
catalogue, catalog
bougras, Bougras
attiré, attracted
ventes, sales
vauban, Vauban
trottoirs, sidewalks
soumises, submitted
souhaité, desired
réparer, repair
proust, proust
obligée, required
netteté, neatness
mardi, Tuesday
hurle, shouts
gâteaux, cakes
exactitude, accuracy
dingue, crazy
centaine, hundred
aérienne, Air
verbe, verb
sympathique, sympathetic
soirées, evenings
serrure, lock
sentant, Feeling
saveur, flavor
remontait, dated back
rappelons, recall
privilèges, privileges
portés, worn
pluies, rain
penthésilée, Penthesilea
mystères, mysteries
marais, marsh
lueurs, lights
légèreté, lightness
janvieri, janvieri
imposé, imposed
définis, defined
communal, communal
citroën, Citroen
cigare, cigar
caves, cellars
annuelle, Annual
voudra, want
risquer, risk
rapprochement, reconciliation
pôle, pole
perdent, lose
lucidité, lucidity
inscrits, registered
fixant, setting
entourage, entourage
détaché, detached
dépression, depression
dépassait, exceeded
conversion, conversion
contemporain, contemporary
commentaires, Comments
cellulaire, cellular
brian, brian
bourg, town
bac, ferry
armement, armament
vider, empty
touristique, tourist
sentent, feel
rimbaud, rhyme
résistances, resistances
rapporté, reported
pois, peas
percevoir, levy
négatif, negative
intégrale, integral
gaston, gaston
fred, fred
couraient, ran
constaté, found
comporter, have
collectifs, collective
caire, Cairo
australie, Australia
antoinette, antoinette
anatomie, anatomy
accordé, granted
transmis, transmitted
signifiait, meant
montparnasse, montparnasse
luttes, strife
lents, slow
frappait, struck
efface, deletes
dense, dense
composent, up
capitaliste, capitalist
banal, commonplace
anniversaire, anniversary
amusait, amused
allés, gone
terriblement, terribly
singulière, singular
sérieuses, serious
samuel, samuel
salope, slut
rurale, Rural
rondes, round
rappel, recall
raconta, told
prévus, provided
jugements, judgments
existé, existed
dures, hard
déçu, disappointed
cuisinière, stove
constituait, was
comptent, count
comportements, behavior
chevaliers, Knights
canard, duck
bouquets, bouquets
armés, armed
algèbre, algebra
aimaient, loved
accompagnée, accompanied
accéder, access
trouvai, found
témoignages, testimonials
supplémentaires, additional
soumission, submission
notons, note
maquis, maquis
lie, dregs
impressions, impressions
dors, sleep
coque, shell
consistance, consistency
composer, compose
communisme, Communism
barreaux, bars
arrivais, could
annuel, annual
adolescent, teenager
tôle, sheet metal
théorème, theorem
sables, sands
romancier, novelist
rémunération, remuneration
pesant, weighing
pâles, pale
ironique, ironic
indignation, indignation
comptable, accounting
chapeaux, hats
batailles, battles
arnaud, arnaud
versant, slope
unies, United
subtil, subtle
spécialité, specialty
remous, eddy
poursuivait, continued
possédant, with
peintures, paintings
pâques, Easter
microscope, microscope
interroge, questions
garanties, guarantees
formuler, formulate
fixait, fixed
dictionnaire, dictionary
désagréable, unpleasant
cruel, cruel
coupée, cut
choisie, chosen
chauve, bald
caresser, stroke
arraché, torn
ambitions, ambitions
trouvons, find
tienne, yours
récents, Recent
prairie, meadow
pistolet, gun
pharmacie, pharmacy
pars, go
offrant, offering
livret, book
joyeuse, joyful
idéologie, ideology
hérétiques, heretics
endormie, asleep
courent, run
charrette, cart
blague, joke
annie, annie
volontaires, volunteers
vaincu, defeated
traînant, trailing
songeait, thought
revues, journals
revenaient, returned
plénitude, fullness
grêle, hail
effectué, performed
déplace, moves
démon, demon
délices, delights
contiennent, contain
chocs, shocks
belge, Belgian
bastienne, Bastienne
atteignait, reached
vedette, star
signer, sign
sels, salts
rendaient, made
récent, recent
prolonger, extend
paysanne, peasant
officiellement, officially
numéros, numbers
mourut, died
montage, mounting
maux, ills
loulou, spitz
horaires, schedule
génétique, genetic
fondement, foundation
enfantine, child
considérons, consider
caporal, Corporal
brut, crude
asile, asylum
vôtre, yours
varier, vary
vainqueur, winner
trouves, Found
souffrances, suffering
républiques, Republics
orléans, orleans
lut, read
judiciaire, judicial
interminables, endless
indochine, Indo-China
désirait, wanted
cruauté, cruelty
clin, wink
blessures, injuries
allai, went
ajoutant, adding
vraisemblablement, likely
torrent, torrent
tait, silent
roosevelt, roosevelt
rentra, returned
préoccupation, concern
partenaires, partners
pardonne, forgive
menus, menus
mêlés, mixed
isolée, isolated
frisson, chill
distrait, inattentive
disposés, willing
détourner, divert
dalles, slabs
confuse, confused
cahiers, notebooks
brillaient, shone
ambiance, environment
tirée, drawn
testament, will
subitement, suddenly
spécialisé, specialized
sarah, sarah
remue, moves
rapporter, report
protégé, protected
poursuivit, continued
parcouru, traveled
néo, neo
mousson, monsoon
littéralement, literally
interdiction, prohibition
fiction, fiction
entourée, surrounded
décès, death
consoler, console
citons, include
chic, chic
chaos, chaos
assurait, ensured
armistice, armistice
appuyée, supported
utilisent, use
uniformes, uniform
taxe, tax
tambour, drum
sigrid, sigrid
montés, mounted
monétaires, monetary
mensonges, lies
groupés, grouped
finkelstein, Finkelstein
févrieri, févrieri
enclos, enclosure
distinctes, separate
deviné, guessed
cils, eyelashes
boucle, loop
bague, ring
arrêtant, stopping
aires, areas
agi, acted
accroche, grip
transparent, transparent
septième, seventh
romantisme, romanticism
regagner, regain
prendra, will
paie, payroll
mondes, worlds
lasse, tired
invasion, invasion
exploration, exploration
dunes, dunes
déception, disappointment
curieusement, curiously
contradictions, contradictions
calmer, calm
vibration, vibration
valables, valid
tirent, derive
survivre, survive
stendhal, stendhal
radiations, radiation
plâtre, plaster
king, king
iooo, iooo
identification, identification
genèse, genesis
fluide, fluid
feraient, would make
créatures, creatures
brésil, Brazil
servaient, served
rives, banks
renforcer, strengthen
reconnus, recognized
poulet, chicken
perron, porch
peaux, skins
patrick, patrick
marco, marco
jupes, skirts
jumelles, binoculars
jouets, toys
ivoire, ivory
invitation, invitation
expliquent, explain
dose, dose
désarroi, disarray
consommateurs, Consumers
comprise, understood
athènes, Athens
tendus, tense
sabre, sword
retrouvent, found
respirait, breathing
répétant, repeating
ravier, dish
provence, Provence
préférable, preferable
lucide, lucid
liv, liv
laitier, dairy
fatal, fatal
exceptions, exceptions
drapeaux, flags
démocratique, democratic
culottes, panties
consistait, was
concession, concession
cochon, pig
clergé, clergy
averti, warned
aimant, magnet
trouvés, found
sublime, sublime
stricte, strict
remontant, back
réclamer, claim
rasoir, razor
plonger, plunge
négligeable, negligible
métamorphose, metamorphosis
maillot, shirt
insisté, emphasized
imposée, imposed
folles, crazy
fiches, sheets
excessive, excessive
disparaissent, disappear
diane, Diana
dent, tooth
délicieux, delicious
définitions, definitions
correction, correction
collier, necklace
blancheur, whiteness
admire, admire
voeux, Greetings
universitaires, university
tournaient, turned
sou, sou
sonores, sound
scolarité, schooling
ruse, trick
reviendra, return
resterait, would stay
ressortir, out
raie, ray
provinces, Provinces
pouvions, could
parasites, parasites
négliger, neglect
monotone, monotonous
maturité, maturity
lésions, lesions
jessica, jessica
fonctionnelle, Functional
convenablement, properly
chargées, loaded
bill, Bill
baissé, fallen
attraper, catch
artificielle, Artificial
aigle, eagle
veine, vein
transparente, transparent
tiroirs, drawers
supposons, assume
ravi, delighted
prévoit, provides
planètes, planets
moue, pout
mental, mental
ménagère, housewife
installa, installation
grandeurs, sizes
gilles, gilles
gentillesse, kindness
figurer, figure
femelle, female
fauve, tawny
empirique, empirical
commerciaux, commercial
champion, champion
carrément, squarely
calendrier, calendar
avènement, advent
allongée, elongated
spécialisation, specialization
salade, salad
parfums, perfumes
indulgence, indulgence
engin, machine
durement, harshly
disposait, had
diallo, diallo
corriger, correct
chier, shit
blum, blum
aperçois, see
agonie, agony
vitrines, windows
violet, violet
temporaire, temporary
sacrifices, sacrifices
pinceau, brush
jolies, pretty
intéressantes, interesting
hurler, shout
horizontale, horizontal
hérédité, heredity
faille, fault
dora, dora
dalle, slab
considérant, recital
brique, brick
appuya, supported
anglaises, English
adoption, adoption
absorbé, absorbed
vaisseaux, vessels
tennis, tennis
suggère, suggests
sceaux, Seals
sapins, firs
préserver, preserve
présentes, present
présenta, presented
plaines, Plains
persuadé, convinced
ondulatoire, undulatory
mette, put
humilité, humility
entendant, hearing
craquer, crack
coupa, cut
couchant, setting
corbeille, basket
appelées, called
apparent, apparent
voeu, vow
vérités, truths
tribunaux, Courts
travaillant, working
tenta, tried
récupérer, recover
rancune, grudge
maîtresses, mistresses
lénine, lenin
grilles, grids
grasse, fat
fît, was
feuillets, leaflets
engagés, committed
effectuées, performed
consacrée, devoted
attribution, attribution
allocations, allowances
achille, Achilles
accrocher, hang
accompagnait, accompanied
universitaire, university
soyons, let
servit, served
rhinocéros, rhino
retira, retired
remplacement, replacement
précipite, precipitates
plaie, wound
organise, organizes
obtint, obtained
noix, nuts
multiplicité, multiplicity
massive, mass
intellectuelles, intellectual
habitués, used
grandir, grow
fouille, search
félicien, félicien
engagée, committed
duré, lasted
complément, complement
cohérence, consistency
chemises, shirts
chassé, chased
cérémonies, ceremonies
thian, thian
qualifiés, Qualified
puissantes, powerful
pince, pliers
piles, batteries
neveu, nephew
lord, lord
internat, internship
hurlant, howling
fosse, pit
ethnographie, ethnography
dardos, Dardos
consciente, conscious
congés, leave
zingaro, zingaro
virent, saw
trenet, trenet
transparence, transparency
tranches, slices
températures, temperatures
statuts, Statutes
signaux, signals
séverin, Severin
reprocher, blame
purs, pure
produite, produced
pourri, rotten
plates, flat
plaisanterie, joke
moustaches, whiskers
juan, juan
jenny, jenny
incapables, unable
habiller, dress
générosité, generosity
faillit, nearly
discret, discrete
denis, denis
dégagé, cleared
découvrant, discovering
clefs, key
chômage, unemployment
charmante, charming
cachette, cache
bordure, edge
benjamin, benjamin
appliquées, applied
aoûti, aoûti
annexe, annex
tentait, attempted
tarder, delay
publications, Publications
poussées, advanced
monument, monument
méditation, meditation
médicaments, drugs
entraîna, led
douces, sweet
attentive, careful
zèle, zeal
valet, valet
tombés, fallen
suivaient, followed
sophie, sophie
situés, located
secrétaires, Secretaries
réaliste, realistic
fréquentes, frequent
entraînent, lead
dura, lasted
drôles, funny
déposer, file
banale, trivial
azur, blue
appartements, apartments
aérien, air
terrasses, terraces
susciter, create
sérénité, serenity
résumé, summary
représentée, represented
répartis, distributed
recule, back
probabilités, probabilities
nathanaël, Nathanael
mouillée, wet
lejeune, lejeune
lave, lava
jury, jury
habit, habit
galop, gallop
exclusion, exclusion
européennes, European
créatrice, creative
conte, story
compté, counted
brille, shines
bravo, bravo
assumer, assume
appréciable, appreciable
antiques, ancient
ali, ali
accumulation, accumulation
abat, Shade
vogue, vogue
tunnel, tunnel
tranchées, trenches
talon, heel
strict, strict
squelette, skeleton
révèlent, reveal
regretter, regret
prononce, pronounced
poules, hens
plateaux, trays
paiement, payment
noyer, walnut
marino, marino
imprimé, printed
halte, stop
figé, frozen
exercé, practiced
effroi, terror
confère, gives
complaisance, complacency
cherchais, looking
chateaubriand, chateaubriand
alimentaire, Food
xvi, xvi
tranquilles, quiet
télécommunications, Telecommunications
sûrs, safe
remuer, stir
refrain, refrain
plongé, deep
pavé, pavement
partagé, shared
occupés, occupied
notation, notation
mesnard, Mesnard
manuels, manuals
maintient, maintains
listes, lists
laissés, left
immensité, immensity
foules, crowds
foncé, dark
flèches, arrows
faune, fauna
exploiter, exploit
exigent, require
enfantin, infantile
conneries, bullshit
chantant, singing
bourgogne, Burgundy
billes, Ball
accélération, acceleration
vibrations, vibration
trouvez, are
stéphane, stéphane
souhaitait, wanted
sauve, saves
préjugés, Prejudice
précédé, preceded
physiquement, physically
paresse, laziness
oubliée, forgotten
notable, notable
maii, maii
lapins, rabbits
labeur, labor
informe, informs
inerte, inert
espagnole, Spanish
discrète, discrete
développées, developed
contraction, contraction
constituante, Constituent
conservatoire, conservatory
comportait, included
châteaux, castles
cédé, sold
brillantes, brilliant
anita, anita
adjoint, assistant
suspendue, suspended
soulevé, raised
soufflait, blowing
roseaux, reeds
reproches, reproaches
remercier, thank
recteur, rector
primitives, primitive
piqué, dive
pentes, slopes
patrimoine, heritage
naïf, naive
musulmans, Muslims
lyrique, lyric
luisant, shiny
lâché, loose
fermait, closed
désespéré, desperate
déroule, place
décomposition, decomposition
croirait, believe
carbone, carbon
amplitude, amplitude
agitait, agitated
visibles, visible
sevrais, sevrais
revu, revised
rejeter, reject
producteur, producer
policier, policeman
perle, pearl
occidental, western
neuves, new
mélancolique, melancholy
mariages, Marriages
logiques, logical
lisa, lisa
jugeait, considered
inviter, invite
inspecteurs, Inspectors
hésitait, hesitated
fossiles, fossil
embarras, embarrassment
distinguait, distinguished
déduire, deduce
crève, bursts
couvrait, covered
concernent, concern
coloration, coloring
charger, load
autos, cars
aidant, helping
voleur, thief
violette, violet
vaine, vain
test, test
pénétré, penetrated
participent, participate
pare, barrier
indépendants, Independent
hollandais, Dutch
grèves, strikes
grandi, grew up
essences, species
envoya, sent
châssis, chassis
braves, brave
attachée, attached
appelons, call
week, week
sociologues, sociologists
sincèrement, sincerely
secrètement, secretly
rectangle, rectangle
pesanteur, gravity
peinte, painted
pathétique, pathetic
marne, marl
législatif, legislative
lançait, launched
géographiques, geographical
fédéralisme, federalism
exprimait, expressed
crue, flood
corne, horn
compétences, skills
coïncidence, coincidence
axes, axes
augmenté, increased
attrait, lure
archevêque, archbishop
aptitudes, skills
accroît, increases
semelles, soles
rouleau, roll
romanesque, romantic
profite, benefits
poignets, wrists
pavés, pavers
nathan, nathan
motrice, driving
gendarme, policeman
gaiement, cheerfully
gabin, gabin
externe, external
entreprit, undertook
cgt, cgt
bougies, candles
besogne, task
araignée, spider
appartenir, belong
thérapeutique, therapeutic
sentaient, felt
ressemblaient, resembled
remplace, replaces
rejeté, rejected
protège, protects
privilégié, privileged
piscine, pool
persuader, persuade
perdues, lost
négation, negation
musculaire, muscular
joints, O
incompréhensible, incomprehensible
impériale, imperial
habitat, habitat
fréquents, frequent
fondation, foundation
filé, spun
empreinte, footprint
divorce, divorce
désiré, desired
culturelles, cultural
connut, experienced
cinquantaine, fifty
alphonse, alphonse
stratégique, strategic
résiste, resists
répandu, widespread
relativité, relativity
planter, plant
obéit, obeys
intéressants, interesting
foulard, scarf
externes, external
eue, had
entraînait, resulted
einstein, einstein
dépassent, exceed
délais, time
contes, tales
classés, classified
auxiliaire, auxiliary
allié, ally
adolescents, teenagers
vêtus, dressed
vacarme, din
songé, thought
rosette, rosette
rodin, rodin
résonance, resonance
précisé, said
poussent, grow
plu, several
pilote, pilot
photographique, photographic
mutation, mutation
manifestent, show
froides, cold
fourneau, furnace
expérimentales, experimental
efforçait, tried
défilé, parade
défait, undone
confidences, confidences
bulles, bubbles
bouleversé, shaken
architecte, architect
approximation, approximation
agrément, approval
affections, conditions
tracer, draw
significatif, significant
signalé, reported
sexuelle, sexual
saurais, know
porche, porch
photographe, photographer
percer, drill
opposés, opposed
nourri, fed
nerval, nerval
moche, ugly
gauthier, gauthier
fragiles, fragile
finissent, end
exprimé, expressed
euh, uh
entrez, enter
distraire, distract
déséquilibre, imbalance
comptant, spot
bénéfices, earnings
assiste, assists
accomplit, performs
veuille, wants
vainement, in vain
sonnette, bell
reçue, received
raides, steep
placées, placed
physiciens, Physicists
phare, lighthouse
parcelle, plot
occupant, occupant
monnaies, currencies
mona, mona
moléculaire, molecular
manège, carousel
guider, guide
figurant, contained
extraordinaires, extraordinary
espagnols, Spanish
entrailles, entrails
décoration, decoration
conclu, concluded
combler, fill in
bâtir, build
amer, bitter
sus, addition
sénat, senate
sartre, sartre
retenait, retained
quarantaine, quarantine
présidence, presidency
obtenues, obtained
novembrei, novembrei
javier, javier
initiales, initials
fumier, manure
forestier, forest
diplômes, qualifications
déranger, disturb
cuire, cook
constituants, constituents
bêtise, foolishness
battue, beaten
bâti, built
atteignent, reach
aristocratie, aristocracy
amenés, brought
agite, agitated
vole, flies
violon, violin
urgent, urgent
souche, strain
repère, landmark
psychiques, psychic
profité, advantage
plier, fold
pépé, grandpa
pénétration, penetration
peints, painted
opposée, opposite
nationalité, nationality
marchaient, walking
interrompre, interrupt
inquiéter, worry
innovations, innovations
galeries, galleries
funèbre, funeral
fondu, melted
fatalité, fatality
déterminés, determined
délivré, issued
déclarer, declare
crevé, punctured
condamnés, sentenced
clairière, clearing
citron, lemon
capacités, capabilities
avocats, lawyers
attaques, attacks
arrêtent, stop
approximativement, approximately
amère, bitter
tumulte, tumult
stevens, stevens
soulevait, raised
riter, Riter
reconstruction, reconstruction
opaque, opaque
moto, motorcycle
mauve, mauve
graines, seeds
clarisse, Clarisse
secouer, shake
sauraient, can
promène, walk
masques, masks
marines, marine
marchandise, commodity
magiques, Magic
ignorant, ignorant
hormones, hormones
guerriers, warriors
géographes, Geographers
freins, brakes
envahit, invades
entendis, heard
dépens, expense
démarches, approaches
déclarations, statements
déchiré, torn
croyance, belief
conservateur, conservative
conçue, designed
camionnette, van
bouffer, eat
béatrice, Beatrice
allô, hello
verdure, greenery
tranquillité, peace
tigre, tiger
splendeur, splendor
satisfaisant, satisfactory
routine, routine
roulement, rolling
rivières, rivers
rhumatisme, rheumatism
rhône, rhône
récepteur, receiver
moquette, carpet
invente, invented
interrogation, interrogation
intacte, intact
indemnité, indemnity
habitant, inhabitant
feuillages, foliage
exigeant, demanding
envahi, invaded
entrevoir, glimpse
enlevé, removed
emplit, fills
cruelle, cruel
croyons, believe
confédération, confederation
attentivement, closely
affecté, affected
vivons, live
vinrent, came
sève, sap
servante, servant
rencontrent, meet
potasse, potash
portland, portland
péniblement, laboriously
pâtes, pasta
passionné, passionate
malaussène, Malaussene
investigation, investigation
indépendant, independent
fraîches, fresh
farouche, wild
extase, ecstasy
envoyait, sent
doutait, doubted
croyaient, believed
confortable, comfortable
conducteurs, drivers
cloison, partition
cervelle, brain
affirmait, said
teinte, tint
supports, media
souhaiter, wish
souffler, breathe
sommaire, summary
séparément, separately
sculpture, sculpture
remonta, went up
recette, recipe
rauque, hoarse
provient, comes
prolonge, extends
préfecture, prefecture
perçoit, perceives
paragraphe, paragraph
meurent, die
kim, kim
impasse, impasse
guérison, healing
décidée, decided
commentaire, comment
cendre, ash
brin, strand
barrages, Dams
artifice, artifice
aimerait, would like
rêveries, musings
reposant, relaxing
rencontrés, encountered
prononcée, pronounced
panne, breakdown
frontin, frontin
ficelle, string
entrés, entered
effective, effective
discerner, discern
danseurs, dancers
danemark, Denmark
couvertes, covered
contraintes, constraints
consultative, Advisory
confirmer, confirm
cavalerie, cavalry
cargos, cargo
avide, greedy
atroce, atrocious
ambassade, embassy
allonger, lengthen
adressait, addressed
abandonnés, abandoned
seau, bucket
scriassine, Scriassine
rouen, rouen
résurrection, resurrection
remonté, back
précisions, details
portion, portion
porc, pork
pétain, Petain
nécessite, requires
monstres, monsters
menaçant, threatening
jetés, thrown
inflation, inflation
indépendantes, independent
inattendu, unexpected
gérard, Gerard
gagnait, earned
fiancée, fiancee
faulenmuss, faulenmuss
envisage, plans
enseignant, teacher
délicatesse, delicacy
créées, created
contraires, otherwise
conduits, ducts
coefficients, coefficients
boutiques, shops
apprenti, apprentice
antérieures, previous
adjoints, Assistant
sorbonne, fume
séparées, separate
seigneurs, Lords
rigoureux, rigorous
réservoir, reservoir
pic, peak
monarchie, monarchy
moelle, marrow
kaliayev, Kaliayev
issus, from
indiquant, indicating
habitation, home
globales, global
gagna, won
fente, slot
examine, examines
entendus, heard
end, end
dimanches, Sundays
détestait, hated
dégueulasse, disgusting
constantes, constants
conduisant, leading
certificats, Certificates
carento, carento
artificiel, artificial
vend, sells
variantes, variants
tiges, stems
taureau, bull
tabouret, stool
songea, thought
sceau, seal
ressenti, felt
répandue, widespread
réagir, react
parade, parade
menacé, threatened
mathématiciens, Mathematicians
lanterne, lantern
isabelle, isabelle
idéale, ideal
experts, experts
envoi, sending
décors, sets
coussins, cushions
construits, built
connaissant, knowing
confirme, confirms
anime, anime
actifs, active
statique, static
stades, stages
souligné, stressed
privilégiés, privileged
policiers, police
perds, lose
mérites, merits
manquaient, missing
interlocuteur, interlocutor
imprimerie, printing
galets, shingle
frédéric, frédéric
fourré, thicket
ferveur, fervor
féconde, fruitful
entrées, entries
demandez, ask
croisé, cross
cosmique, cosmic
continents, continents
animé, animated
vingts, eighty
tenace, tenacious
stocks, stocks
séparent, separate
repérer, spot
prêté, lent
perpétuelle, perpetual
pardonner, forgive
pans, Allen
pair, peer
oubliait, forgot
orsenna, Orsenna
oblique, oblique
nudité, nudity
mobilité, mobility
mineurs, Minors
marrant, funny
limitation, limitation
lancée, launched
jeannot, jeannot
grimper, climb
froids, cold
freud, freud
flaques, puddles
feutre, felt
entrevue, meeting
entourent, surround
collègue, colleague
bulletin, newsletter
bouffe, food
bouchon, plug
balai, broom
actualité, topicality
abaissement, lowering
vitrée, glass
vidé, emptied
square, square
sommets, vertices
risquent, risk
revendications, claims
prolongée, extended
prêtait, lent
nocturnes, Night
nappes, groundwater
muni, provided
molles, soft
modifie, changes
modestie, modesty
feuillage, foliage
fernand, fernand
essaye, tries
engagements, commitments
enfoncé, pressed
diplomatie, diplomacy
confond, confused
composantes, components
argentine, Argentina
allégresse, elation
vertical, vertical
sociologue, sociologist
salauds, bastards
revêt, is
regardèrent, looked
presser, press
périodiques, periodical
patiemment, patiently
inattendue, unexpected
imperméable, impermeable
estimer, estimate
essayais, trying
détache, off
criminel, criminal
constituées, formed
consacrés, devoted
atteignit, reached
approchant, approaching
accomplissement, fulfillment
absente, absent
wagner, wagner
vécue, lived
transformée, transformed
tons, tones
sonné, rang
sillon, furrow
scrutin, ballot
réunies, combined
octobrei, octobrei
naples, Naples
mortalité, mortality
mariés, married
mâles, males
longueurs, lengths
lise, read
liquides, liquid
latitude, latitude
intact, intact
inquiétant, disturbing
horloges, clocks
exceptionnellement, exceptionally
creuser, dig
condamnation, condemnation
commençais, started
coiffure, hairdressing
aspiration, aspiration
arbitre, referee
approvisionnement, procurement
teneur, content
riton, riton
rhumatismes, rheumatism
résultent, result
rappela, remembered
ramenait, brought
pyjama, pajamas
pleurs, tears
pelouse, lawn
passais, spent
oubliez, Remember
organisées, organized
muraille, wall
marchent, walk
litre, liter
hautement, highly
gilet, vest
gaillard, forecastle
explosions, explosions
exclu, excluded
entourait, surrounded
dorés, golden
dominant, dominant
croissants, increasing
convergence, convergence
contribue, contributes
contenus, content
constructeurs, manufacturers
clocher, steeple
barbares, Barbarians
audience, audience
voyou, thug
verser, pay
ursula, ursula
secoué, shaken
précoce, precocious
précipité, precipitate
parviennent, reach
méchants, wicked
lier, link
incline, tilts
haricots, beans
gorgée, mouthful
gibier, game
carbonique, carbonic
caractérisée, characterized
bourbon, bourbon
aspirations, aspirations
anneaux, rings
abords, edge
vigoureux, strong
verbal, verbal
trêve, truce
torture, torture
tirage, drawing
scrupules, scruples
sauta, jumped
remplie, filled
peignoir, robe
passons, spend
mené, conducted
maçonnerie, masonry
guitare, guitar
formait, formed
feras, wilt
dissolution, dissolution
déposé, filed
conquis, conquered
complices, accomplices
cherchaient, sought
carreau, tile
brigadier, brigadier
bactéries, bacteria
vitalité, vitality
troublé, disturbed
souligne, emphasizes
silences, silences
serment, oath
ruelle, alley
répit, respite
refermer, close
pensai, thought
naïveté, naivety
miettes, crumbs
méfier, beware
langouste, crayfish
inventions, inventions
harem, harem
gratte, scratches
fumait, smoked
forcée, compulsory
fabriqué, made
décembrei, décembrei
débouchés, opportunities
créant, creating
chevilles, ankles
brefs, brief
atteints, with
appartenance, membership
aisé, easy
achevait, completed
tribus, tribes
synthétiques, synthetic
sourds, Deaf
repousser, repel
réfugiés, refugees
piquer, sting
normaux, normal
négociation, negotiation
membrane, membrane
meinthe, meinthe
limitées, limited
instabilité, instability
imprimés, printed
glande, gland
fleuves, rivers
excuses, apology
exclut, excludes
exceptionnelles, exceptional
enveloppé, wrapped
empêché, prevented
distraitement, absentmindedly
cycles, cycles
couchés, lying
cornes, horns
changeant, changing
changea, changed
briquet, lighter
abattu, felled
vifs, alive
vestibule, vestibule
torpeur, torpor
spectaculaire, spectacular
rectiligne, straight
querelle, quarrel
précipita, precipitated
post, Post
pantalons, pants
ovale, oval
obscures, obscure
obliger, force
mixtes, mixed
lille, lille
lazuli, lazuli
itinéraire, route
interdits, prohibited
infection, infection
incidents, incidents
imperceptible, imperceptible
fragment, fragment
football, football
favorise, promotes
entendent, hear
durent, last
dona, donor
cuisson, baking
ciseaux, scissors
arrange, arranges
appréhension, apprehension
administrateurs, Administrators
ultérieurement, later
prof, prof
présidents, Presidents
plongée, diving
platon, Plato
permettez, let
pencher, lean
option, option
observés, observed
nour, nour
mettons, put
merveilles, wonders
mêlait, mixed
maintenu, maintained
jojo, jojo
intérieures, internal
imbéciles, fools
honteux, shameful
germe, germ
gardent, keep
fassent, do
environnement, environment
dominique, dominique
descartes, descartes
contrôles, controls
cissé, cissé
caserne, barrack
carcasse, carcass
approché, approach
album, album
suspect, suspect
supplie, beg
recueil, collection
radiation, radiation
peuplement, settlement
occurrence, occurrence
marquait, marked
levés, survey
hormone, hormone
franche, frank
fournis, provided
dispositifs, devices
déserts, Deserts
coûteux, expensive
contemplation, contemplation
concessions, concessions
comparée, compared
cède, yields
catroux, Catroux
case, square
cannes, canes
bombardement, bombing
baguette, stick
assemblage, assembly
alchimie, alchemy
affectation, allocation
valent, valent
traditionnels, traditional
séparée, separate
regardai, looked
récompense, reward
ramasse, picks up
purent, could
pratiqué, practiced
pensaient, thought
passerait, happen
ouvraient, opened
limités, limited
informer, inform
imaginaires, imaginary
hospitaliers, hospital
habité, inhabited
gardiens, Guardians
dirigeait, directed
descendent, down
construite, built
constantinople, constantinople
chirurgien, surgeon
brasserie, brewery
boy, boy
bachelier, bachelor
affreuse, awful
affiches, posters
vraisemblable, likely
versa, versa
vaudrait, would be worth
tombes, graves
souffla, breathed
reconnaissant, grateful
prétention, pretension
préparés, prepared
penchait, leaned
partielle, partial
obstination, obstinacy
obscurs, obscure
noyé, flooded
monstrueux, monstrous
laid, ugly
israël, Israel
intéressée, interested
fonde, based
eugène, eugene
emprunté, borrowed
employées, staff
effectués, made
dressait, stood
différemment, differently
correspondre, correspond
conquérir, conquer
comparables, comparable
commencèrent, began
closes, closed
caractérisé, characterized
bouffée, puff
arrangement, arrangement
tribune, platform
taillé, cut
repousse, regrowth
rase, open
prothoé, prothoé
présentée, presented
pleut, raining
pittoresque, picturesque
permettaient, allowed
périphérie, periphery
perdit, lost
partielles, partial
muscle, muscle
moule, mold
mortel, deadly
médaille, medal
libertés, freedoms
ivrogne, drunkard
insu, unknown
fermeté, firmness
estimait, estimated
envisagée, considered
durkheim, durkheim
dépassant, than
déchiffrer, decipher
compliquée, complicated
commençant, starting
clichés, pictures
brisée, broken
boulanger, baker
beyrouth, beirut
bêtises, foolishness
barques, boats
ajoutent, add
acquises, acquired
accompagnent, accompany
vieilli, aged
suscite, raises
sévères, severe
sapin, fir
ressentir, feel
rentabilité, profitability
remparts, battlements
prodigieux, prodigious
pedro, pedro
naufrage, shipwreck
musette, haversack
moque, fun
mexique, Mexico
météorologiques, weather
irruption, irruption
incontestable, indisputable
hebdomadaire, weekly
griffes, claws
extraction, extraction
exposés, exposed
exigé, required
emprunts, borrowings
dressée, drawn
divisé, divided
dépose, removal
chèvres, goats
changent, change
cessent, cease
bouillon, broth
baptême, baptism
autonomes, autonomous
arithmétique, arithmetic
acheva, completed
tuyau, pipe
tourbillon, vortex
toilettes, WC
tendrement, tenderly
suffisent, enough
spectres, ghosts
signale, reports
sacrifier, sacrifice
retrouvais, rediscovered
rasé, shaven
promets, promise
potes, mates
pleuré, cried
ment, ment
massifs, massive
marquis, marquis
injures, insults
indigène, native
déterminant, determinant
crasse, grime
chaire, pulpit
bob, bob
baignoire, bathtub
analytiques, analytical
agissent, act
valdès, Valdes
tricot, knitting
timothée, Timothy
subsister, remain
restais, remained
procure, provides
pommettes, cheekbones
plaisanteries, jokes
mordre, bite
lucienne, Lucian
karl, karl
jérémie, jeremiah
indirectement, indirectly
indifférente, indifferent
gymnastique, gymnastics
féroce, fierce
excuser, apologize
encourager, encourage
disposant, with
dignes, worthy
différenciation, differentiation
désirer, desire
demoiselle, damsel
confession, confession
communiqué, statement
coiffeur, hairdresser
caressait, stroked
antérieur, previous
allonge, lengthens
végétal, vegetable
tumeur, tumor
survie, survival
supplément, supplement
sifflet, whistle
pannechon, pannechon
miss, Miss
match, game
mâchoires, jaws
lavabo, sink
jérusalem, Jerusalem
insensible, insensitive
incertaine, uncertain
hache, ax
garda, kept
franchit, crosses
essuie, towels
effectuée, performed
diffèrent, differ
diffère, differs
déterminisme, determinism
couture, sewing
bruns, brown
avignon, avignon
assimilation, assimilation
artisse, Artisse
apparue, appeared
ample, ample
adressé, addressed
achevée, completed
substitution, substitution
serions, would be
saisis, seized
raté, missed
pute, bitch
provisions, supplies
profane, profane
pigeons, Pigeons
opposent, against
occupaient, occupied
nettoyer, clean
mélodie, melody
litres, liters
justesse, accuracy
cuvette, bowl
courantes, common
concernait, concerned
bus, bus
bouquin, book
bizarrement, oddly
attribue, attributes
assassinat, murder
ampoule, bulb
aléatoire, random
abandonnant, abandoning
voleurs, Thieves
usagers, users
urql, urql
tués, killed
trouille, funk
trahir, betray
souvenez, remember
sieste, siesta
shakespeare, shakespeare
rosée, dew
richard, richard
retombe, falls
retentit, sounds
ressent, feels
rencontrait, met
redresse, straightens
reçues, received
rassuré, reassured
prolétariat, proletariat
poussaient, growing
pourriez, could
partent, leave
parlions, talk
paralysie, paralysis
paires, pairs
nomination, appointment
municipaux, municipal
lavé, washed
james, james
heurte, faces
gêner, hinder
fumant, steaming
fermement, firmly
félix, félix
fabuleux, fabulous
dragon, dragon
doutes, doubts
délivrer, deliver
décalage, shift
créations, creations
coller, paste
coiffé, wearing
brusques, sudden
bondit, jumps
turc, Turkish
surprises, surprises
stépan, stepan
salue, welcome
pures, pure
psychisme, psyche
prolongé, extended
paumes, palms
monture, mount
ludique, fun
insuffisant, insufficient
institué, established
insista, insisted
horaire, schedule
hésité, hesitate
dansait, dancing
concrets, concrete
caprice, whim
brunes, brown
bouffées, puffs
avertir, warn
apprentis, apprentices
amusé, amused
travailleur, worker
timidité, shyness
timidement, timidly
prétendu, alleged
méthodique, methodical
marqués, marked
justes, just
instable, unstable
hop, hop
habillée, dressed
grammaire, grammar
géants, Giants
fuyant, receding
existaient, existed
encadrement, framing
directs, Direct
dettes, debts
dés, dice
croît, grows
charmes, charms
capote, hood
buisson, bush
brièvement, briefly
bribes, snippets
barres, bars
autoroute, highway
appelez, call
alliées, Allied
alentours, surroundings
aériennes, air
accomplis, made
stérile, sterile
sanction, sanction
rencontra, met
recherché, sought
rassemblés, gathered
progressif, progressive
procédures, proceedings
pressés, pressed
parvenus, reached
multiple, multiple
misérables, miserable
mercredi, Wednesday
maudit, cursed
laissons, let
intégrer, integrate
inépuisable, inexhaustible
hangar, hangar
grandit, grows
gouffre, gulf
germes, seeds
extraire, extract
espérances, expectations
duchesse, duchess
drogue, drug
croisées, cross
corsage, corsage
contenue, contained
bâtard, bastard
algébriques, algebraic
abondante, abundant
toux, cough
supposé, assumed
supplice, torture
sir, sir
rhum, rum
restrictions, restrictions
restez, Stay
renouveler, renew
regrets, regrets
regardée, viewed
préoccupé, concerned
piges, freelancing
obsession, obsession
intimement, intimately
gardant, keeping
garantir, guarantee
gaie, gay
furieuse, furious
dépourvu, devoid
démontré, demonstrated
danseur, dancer
créent, create
constance, constancy
conquêtes, conquests
abouti, resulted
tensions, tensions
siennes, his own
sérail, seraglio
savions, knew
roland, roland
réglementaire, regulation
présentées, presented
pourpre, purple
oignons, onions
naissent, born
michèle, michèle
massacre, massacre
manifestement, obviously
insensiblement, imperceptibly
havre, haven
guerrier, warrior
gémit, moans
exprimée, expressed
exécuté, executed
exclusif, exclusive
dynamisme, dynamism
doive, should
diffuse, diffuse
dessert, dessert
désolé, sorry
dégâts, damages
confection, making
clémentine, Clementine
cassée, broken
aubain, alien
arrivèrent, arrived
admirables, admirable
accordait, granted
trouvèrent, found
subissent, undergo
sillage, wake
résumer, summarize
restreinte, restricted
répandre, spill
rennes, reindeer
récréation, recreation
réciproquement, reciprocally
permanents, permanent
pédagogiques, educational
palmiers, palm
oser, dare
méchanceté, wickedness
manufacture, factory
lard, bacon
labat, labat
ire, ire
intolérable, intolerable
incomparable, incomparable
guette, watching
gifle, slap
fouiller, search
for, for
flacon, bottle
explorer, explore
entouraient, surrounded
enfuir, flee
emprunt, borrowing
effacé, erased
disciple, disciple
dépendant, dependent
complications, complications
accusation, charge
verse, pays
tremblant, trembling
symptômes, symptoms
souples, flexible
retournée, back
restai, remained
renvoie, returns
rejoignit, joined
reich, Reich
quotidiens, daily
prouvé, proven
protéines, protein
pisser, piss
peigne, comb
payés, paid
papillons, butterflies
interprétations, interpretations
interdire, ban
informé, informed
indigne, unworthy
inaccessible, inaccessible
implacable, relentless
guides, guides
fouilles, excavation
faisions, did
extraordinairement, extraordinarily
exploits, exploits
ethnologie, ethnology
distraction, distraction
christine, christine
bosse, bump
battement, beat
baise, fuck
ancêtre, ancestor
amaury, amaury
venger, revenge
varient, vary
tuyaux, tubing
suggestion, suggestion
sortirent, out
remettait, recovering
recensement, census
présentés, presented
orbite, orbit
nourrit, feeds
migrations, Migration
maïs, corn
lumineuses, light
leclerc, leclerc
jaillit, springs
inventeur, inventor
interdite, prohibited
hegel, hegel
géographe, geographer
fixa, fixed
coulée, cast
corrélation, correlation
convenir, agree
chatov, shatov
bouillie, porridge
bébés, babies
autoritaire, authoritarian
attributs, attributes
assura, assured
archibald, archibald
apprenait, learned
appliquant, applying
aides, aid
use, use
tenues, held
surmonter, overcome
succèdent, succeed
serviteurs, servants
révision, revision
représentés, represented
renard, fox
provenance, provenance
prophète, prophet
profitant, advantage
perturbations, disturbances
oubliés, forgotten
opposées, opposite
légendes, Legends
intendant, steward
immuable, immutable
gomme, gum
glorieux, glorious
ferez, will
dérivés, derivatives
clément, clement
chroniques, Chronic
chauds, hot
catholicisme, Catholicism
bouquins, books
bijou, jewel
berthe, bertha
applicables, applicable
allumettes, matches
allèrent, went
affiche, poster
syndicale, union
suffira, suffice
sécrétion, secretion
scapin, scapin
saisissant, striking
sacrés, sacred
rubans, ribbons
rouleaux, rolls
retrouvai, retrouvai
renversé, reversed
rédiger, write
ralentit, slows
pieux, pious
peloton, pack
peintes, painted
libéral, liberal
jambon, ham
jaillir, flow
incertain, uncertain
honneurs, honors
greffe, graft
gravier, gravel
formées, formed
esclavage, slavery
emprunter, borrow
douane, customs
devriez, should
dessiné, drawn
contribuer, contribute
confrontation, confrontation
colonie, colony
cite, cites
chinoise, Chinese
chèvre, goat
bidon, can
béret, beret
associée, associated
turquie, Turkey
trempé, hardened
timbres, stamps
taule, slammer
situées, located
signalons, note
sain, healthy
qualification, qualification
pourvus, filled
poison, poison
natalité, natality
mènent, lead
lucille, lucille
jonas, jonas
impulsions, pulse
hurla, yelled
huitième, eighth
hôtes, hosts
grâces, thanks
généralisation, generalization
extraits, extracts
entendons, mean
efficacement, effectively
devienne, becomes
deviendrait, would 
détriment, detriment
défiler, scroll
continuellement, continually
constituaient, were
confirmé, confirmed
configuration, configuration
compare, compares
cible, target
charte, charter
calculé, calculated
cachés, hidden
buée, mist
brèves, brief
bourreau, executioner
attaqué, attacked
anxiété, anxiety
angel, angel
winston, winston
vases, vases
turcs, Turkish
souri, smiled
soufre, sulfur
simone, simone
saxons, Saxon
satellites, satellites
réparation, repair
réglée, set
pull, sweater
primes, premiums
pourrez, can
polo, polo
options, options
mary, mary
mâchoire, jaw
libère, releases
imprévisible, unpredictable
houle, swell
hocha, shook
gratuit, free
flottant, floating
engendre, generates
dosage, dosage
disponibilité, availability
dirigeant, leader
directes, direct
commandait, commanded
chantent, sing
bénéficient, benefit
agiter, shake
vital, vital
végétale, plant
souvint, remembered
souterrain, underground
séduire, seduce
ronces, brambles
rameau, branch
parapluie, umbrella
nietzsche, nietzsche
mrs, mrs
mailles, mesh
livrée, livery
lacs, lakes
grossier, coarse
goethe, goethe
futures, future
fraternité, brotherhood
fragilité, fragility
facilités, facilities
espérais, hoped
dévouement, devotion
descends, down
crochet, hook
consentement, consent
consacre, dedicated
complication, complication
cardinal, cardinal
assistants, assistants
apportant, bringing
accepta, accepted
vitamine, vitamin
violentes, violent
tristement, sadly
télépathie, telepathy
tarif, rate
souveraine, sovereign
sonnait, sounded
sirène, siren
scie, saw
revivre, relive
ressource, resource
recula, recoiled
publiés, published
protecteur, protective
possédaient, had
pendait, hung
parent, relative
paquebot, boat
osier, wicker
ordonné, ordered
mammifères, mammals
lescrabes, lescrabes
instituts, institutes
denrées, food
copies, copies
confusément, confusedly
compression, compression
clubs, clubs
clairvoyance, perspicacity
bille, ball
ambiguïté, ambiguity
admise, admitted
weber, weber
voudrez, want
ulysse, ulysses
traître, traitor
signifier, mean
revit, relives
restaurants, restaurants
rencontrée, encountered
rail, rail
radicalement, radically
prunelles, pupils
poivre, pepper
pneu, tire
pièges, traps
perdant, loser
pause, break
nevers, nevers
metteur, director
mesuré, measured
logiquement, logically
lambeaux, tatters
innocents, innocent
imposant, imposing
flotter, float
fantastique, fantastic
espérant, Hoping
ernest, ernest
doyen, dean
divinité, divinity
défaire, undo
danseuse, dancer
cuite, cooked
cuisines, kitchens
craie, chalk
cordon, cordon
confiée, entrusted
comédien, actor
carrelage, tiling
bizarres, bizarre
bartlebooth, Bartlebooth
accessible, accessible
utilisateurs, users
traîné, dragged
symphonie, symphony
sybil, sybil
ruraux, rural
préparée, prepared
portugal, Portugal
pompiers, fire department
pensons, think
pelle, shovel
pari, bet
mollement, weakly
introduite, introduced
inspirait, inspired
hubert, hubert
employeurs, Employers
déclarait, said
croître, grow
creusé, excavated
concilier, conciliate
carrières, careers
budgets, budgets
avances, advances
attribué, assigned
arrêts, stops
ardente, Burning
allumée, lit
algébrique, algebraic
accomplie, accomplished
acceptait, accepted
vérifie, checks
touches, keys
suffire, suffice
soigné, neat
sexes, Gender
sèvres, Sevres
servitude, servitude
séduction, seduction
rythmes, rhythms
révélait, revealed
retrouvés, found
ressentait, felt
registres, records
proposée, proposed
prolongement, extension
préparent, prepare
poulets, chickens
plaintes, complaints
pignon, pinion
négligé, neglected
multiplient, multiply
meuse, meuse
lisses, smooth
lil, lil
liban, Lebanon
képi, kepi
illustration, illustration
hostiles, hostile
grondement, roar
géante, giantess
excessif, excessive
délicates, delicate
cuit, cooked
concentrer, focus
combattante, combatant
brutalité, brutality
brousse, bush
affectés, affected
vestiges, remains
stages, Internship
solitaires, solitary
sèchement, curtly
riaient, laughed
résume, summarizes
renvoyer, return
renverser, reverse
régulières, regular
poubelles, bins
pacha, pasha
mentales, mental
maternel, maternal
marquent, mark
locomotives, locomotives
larme, tear
interactions, interactions
fonce, dark
croupe, rump
confins, confines
chiottes, john
blême, pale
arrivera, happen
accuse, accused
visant, to
valu, earned
vallées, valleys
traversent, cross
temples, Temples
superficielle, Superficial
sam, Sat
retenus, selected
réacteurs, reactors
qualifié, qualified
prose, prose
partaient, went
obstinément, obstinately
nerveuses, nerve
mutuellement, mutually
mourant, dying
montraient, showed
maternité, maternity
inspirer, inspire
fauves, tawny
dorment, sleep
diderot, diderot
désespérément, desperately
descriptions, descriptions
demandaient, asked
commettre, commit
combustible, fuel
collait, stuck
char, tank
capdeverre, Capdeverre
caillou, pebble
bruxelles, Brussels
appliquent, apply
admirait, admired
volontés, wills
tuiles, tiles
troubler, disturb
stepan, Stepan
saloperie, rubbish
résignation, resignation
quantitative, quantitative
promenait, walking
poire, pear
physionomie, physiognomy
ouvrières, workers
osa, dared
occupations, occupations
mythique, mythical
murailles, walls
muets, dumb
mourait, died
insuffisante, insufficient
inlassablement, tirelessly
heureuses, happy
héréditaire, hereditary
géométriques, geometric
exclusive, exclusive
esquisse, sketch
développent, develop
délicats, delicate
déchire, tears
cube, cube
contents, happy
concrètes, concrete
chauffer, heat
canards, ducks
billard, billiards
ayons, have
artisanat, craft
appuyait, supported
approfondie, depth
apprêtait, ready
antérieurs, previous
annonçant, announcing
amitiés, friendships
trot, trot
titulaire, holder
tello, tello
superficie, area
suites, suites
socio, socio
reviendrait, would 
rassemble, together
rachel, rachel
préalablement, beforehand
piété, piety
outillage, tools
occidentaux, Western
nana, girl
miniature, miniature
mettra, will
mécanicien, mechanic
instincts, instincts
gustave, gustave
gelée, jelly
garine, garine
franchise, franchise
fichu, damn
fatale, fatal
exercée, exerted
distingué, distinguished
direz, say
conduisit, led
choux, cabbage
chirfa, Chirfa
barrières, barriers
balancer, swing
avenues, avenues
aude, aude
artistiques, artistic
artificiels, artificial
apte, apt
adrien, adrien
adhérents, members
accru, increased
william, william
unir, unite
typique, typical
tripes, tripe
traitait, treated
touristiques, tourist
touchent, touch
soucier, worry
soubrier, Soubrier
rubrique, rubric
rougir, blush
réserver, book
raphaël, raphaël
publie, published
poincaré, Poincaré
perceptible, perceptible
patois, patois
osais, dared
orfèvrerie, plate
navale, Naval
mortelle, deadly
micho, micho
mentionner, mention
médiocres, poor
malice, malice
imprévu, unexpected
imaginez, imagine
gênait, interfered
enregistrer, record
devenant, becoming
copine, girlfriend
contributions, contributions
calmement, calmly
bordée, broadside
bah, bah
aucunement, nothing
aristote, Aristotle
archéologie, archeology
agglomération, agglomeration
volupté, pleasure
vilain, ugly
viendront, will
traitée, treated
trahi, betrayed
stock, stock
souriante, smiling
ridicules, ridiculous
restées, remained
réservés, Reserved
reproduit, reproduced
remontent, back
rejette, rejects
références, References
réchauffer, warm
plaies, wounds
passionnément, passionately
partageait, shared
optimisme, optimism
mobilisation, mobilization
louche, ladle
libérée, released
irais, go
impossibles, impossible
grotesque, grotesque
gel, gel
formellement, formally
flou, fuzzy
fiancé, fiancé
fermant, closing
eusébio, Eusebio
entr', input '
emmerde, Fuck
diamants, diamonds
conservent, retain
compartiment, compartment
classifications, classifications
clans, clans
brûlante, burning
battus, beaten
bâtons, sticks
bascule, rocker
transporté, transported
tambours, drums
surveillant, supervisor
sanitaire, sanitary
rendements, yields
reconstitution, reconstitution
rationnel, rational
quantique, quantum
plantée, planted
pionniers, pioneers
mutuelle, mutual
menaçait, threatened
malle, trunk
jouit, has
interrompu, broken
intelligente, Intelligent
imposées, imposed
grandiose, grandiose
gonflé, inflated
flûte, flute
eugenio, eugenio
crèche, nursery
comprimé, compressed
comparaisons, comparisons
chutes, Falls
chromosomes, chromosomes
céréales, cereals
assurés, insured
assied, sits
arbitrage, arbitration
aluminium, aluminum
agrégation, aggregation
utilisait, used
traditionnellement, traditionally
spécificité, specificity
soulevant, raising
secouait, shaking
représentaient, represented
rassemblement, rally
pottier, potter
plane, flat
périodiquement, periodically
passionnée, passionate
naïve, naive
mutations, mutations
miracles, Miracles
météorologie, meteorology
menti, lied
madagascar, Madagascar
lisais, read
inconsciemment, unconsciously
frappée, hit
flore, flora
eden, Eden
déterminent, determine
dérange, Inconvenient
dépêche, telegram
dénoncer, denounce
créa, created
couchait, slept
convoi, convoy
confidence, confidence
assimiler, assimilate
aînée, eldest
agraire, agrarian
accueilli, welcomed
aboutissement, outcome
voyager, travel
violents, violent
séquence, sequence
semis, sowing
rosita, rosita
régression, regression
rappelant, reminiscent
plié, folded
peste, plague
perrot, perrot
pénurie, shortage
particularités, features
ordonne, orders
marrer, laugh
linéaires, linear
légale, legal
irons, go
hésitant, hesitant
glissement, slip
essuya, wiped
envoyés, sent
enseignants, teachers
drames, dramas
directrice, Director
détourne, diverts
délibérations, deliberations
coalition, coalition
boisson, drink
autorise, authorizes
astre, star
animation, animation
wilson, wilson
vii, vii
toc, fake
témoigner, testify
taisait, silent
significations, meanings
secouant, shaking
retrouvant, finding
redoutait, feared
rangés, stored
protestation, protest
précipiter, precipitate
précaire, precarious
physicien, physicist
nombreuse, large
montres, watches
minorité, minority
milan, kite
mèches, highlights
lentes, slow
laissais, let
inter, Inter
inquiétait, worried
indien, Indian
idiote, idiot
grossière, coarse
fusées, rockets
fondées, based
finirait, would end
eusse, would have
droites, straight
déséquilibres, imbalances
dérision, derision
démontre, shows
cale, hold
bride, flange
bourré, stuffed
banquier, banker
appartenaient, belonged
akbir, akbir
vaisseau, ship
unanimité, unanimity
taxes, taxes
tatav, tatav
syllabes, syllables
suggérer, suggest
sonna, rang
sollicitude, solicitude
solennelle, Solemn
sexualité, sexuality
routier, road
retint, retained
républicains, Republicans
renonce, waives
recueilli, collected
ramassé, picked up
querelles, quarrels
psycho, psycho
portées, brought
ouvertement, openly
offraient, offered
mythologie, mythology
monts, Mountains
mineur, minor
issues, from
intégralement, fully
infime, tiny
grossièrement, roughly
graine, seed
fourchette, fork
fondateur, founder
finira, end
farce, farce
fade, bland
entrepreneur, contractor
directives, instructions
désinvolture, flippancy
culpabilité, guilt
contingent, contingent
collés, stuck
châtiment, punishment
chanoine, Canon
bungalow, bungalow
battements, beats
avançant, advancing
archaïques, archaic
annexes, Annexes
alonso, alonso
agité, agitated
adressant, Speaking
adapté, adapted
accroupi, squat
vivais, lived
visions, visions
versé, paid
verrai, see
vapeurs, vapors
traduisent, translate
téléphonique, telephone
spin, spin
soutient, supports
soupire, sigh
seconds, second
réussites, successes
record, record
pyrénées, Pyrenees
provoquée, caused
prisons, prisons
placards, cupboards
pareillement, likewise
parcs, Parks
paisiblement, peacefully
officielles, official
museau, snout
murmurait, murmured
mouettes, Seagulls
matériau, material
folavril, folavril
enchanté, enchanted
enchaînement, sequence
embarquer, embark
disparaissait, disappeared
différentielle, differential
dette, debt
délicieuse, delicious
conservés, retained
concurrents, competitors
chirurgie, surgery
cartons, cartons
cantine, canteen
bassins, basins
atalanta, atalanta
amical, friendly
affirma, stated
tunisie, tunisia
tremblaient, trembled
tapisserie, tapestry
suscité, generated
soufflé, blown
septembrei, septembrei
reposent, based
régner, reign
reflète, reflects
recouverte, covered
psychologues, Psychologists
physiologiques, physiological
philosophiques, philosophical
objections, objections
nièce, niece
nage, swim
munich, Munich
modifiée, modified
loger, house
laure, laure
lâcha, dropped
irritation, irritation
implantation, implantation
fractions, fractions
engagea, engaged
dupe, dupe
djamila, djamila
dictature, dictatorship
défend, defends
connerie, bullshit
communément, commonly
colis, parcel
cognac, cognac
cliniques, clinical
cardoni, Cardoni
cape, mantle
attirait, attracted
arcades, arcades
acquisitions, acquisitions
acceptation, acceptance
vendait, sold
singes, monkeys
sécher, dry
schémas, patterns
saine, healthy
routiers, Road
roula, rolled
retrouvons, find
refermé, closed
radical, radical
proviennent, from
plantés, planted
pénétrant, penetrating
passez, go
ongle, nail
nègres, Negroes
montpellier, montpellier
montmartre, montmartre
manteaux, coats
lignée, line
lieues, leagues
lentilles, lentils
laide, homely
instinctivement, instinctively
honorable, honorable
héritier, heir
gontran, Gontran
généralisée, generalized
fiscales, tax
exploitants, operators
enrichir, enrich
dixième, tenth
distribuer, distribute
diras, say
désignait, designated
demeures, homes
dédain, disdain
déchets, waste
comptables, accounting
clermont, clermont
chignon, bun
brûlée, burned
berthier, berthier
augustus, augustus
analogies, analogies
alternativement, alternately
aigre, sour
agitant, waving
affût, carriage
accrochée, hanging
touriste, tourist
tonton, Uncle
témoignent, testify
sournois, sneaky
soupçonner, suspect
solidité, solidity
saintes, holy
revêtu, coated
respectifs, respective
recouverts, covered
puissamment, mightily
offertes, offered
moyennant, through
mêlaient, mixed
méchante, wicked
maxwell, maxwell
intitulé, entitled
interruption, interruption
insecte, insect
impératifs, requirements
iiie, third to the
humiliation, humiliation
grammes, grams
glissent, slide
estrade, platform
essuyer, wipe
entretiens, interviews
eisenhower, eisenhower
effrayant, scary
efforçant, striving
déduit, deducted
coupure, cut
collée, glued
cirée, waxed
chienne, bitch
chercheur, researcher
censure, censorship
casino, casino
bonbons, candy
appelant, appellant
amenée, brought
vomir, vomit
unit, unit
tranchant, sharp
stagiaires, Trainees
saugues, saugues
rumeurs, rumors
ris, reef
rêvais, dreaming
refroidissement, cooling
recommandé, recommended
publia, published
pleuvait, raining
perçu, perceived
norvège, Norway
monique, monique
moitiés, halves
minérale, Mineral
irlande, Ireland
grenouille, frog
fronts, fronts
forge, forge
ferraille, scrap
faiblesses, weaknesses
embarrassé, embarrassed
dissoudre, dissolve
cuvier, vat
corvée, drudgery
compositions, compositions
compenser, compensate
cieux, heavens
cécelle, Cecelle
carole, carole
auditeur, auditor
articulation, articulation
amorce, initiation
vitale, vital
valéry, valéry
terne, dull
sexuel, sexual
sagement, quietly
refusant, refusing
publiquement, publicly
prudemment, carefully
propice, favorable
progresser, progress
pressait, pressed
ornements, Ornaments
optimum, optimum
naissances, births
menacée, threatened
interdisait, prohibited
insulte, insult
installait, installed
hector, Hector
hanche, hip
hambourg, Hamburg
grouper, group
graphique, graphic
format, format
fabriqués, manufactured
expose, exposes
envergure, span
entraient, entered
diminué, diminished
deviendra, become
désespérée, desperate
démographie, demography
dédé, dédé
déborde, overflows
cueillir, pick
consignes, instructions
commissaires, Commissioners
coincé, stuck
clou, nail
claudel, claudel
cierges, candles
chapelet, rosary
chairs, flesh
caractériser, characterize
capitales, capitals
buvant, drinking
bart, bart
apports, contributions
amsterdam, amsterdam
africains, African
xve, fifteenth
xavier, xavier
virage, turn
talents, talents
surprenante, surprising
résolument, decidedly
répartir, divide
rangé, tidy
rameaux, branches
radicale, radical
plaint, complains
périodique, periodic
parapet, parapet
originaux, original
optiques, optical
obtention, obtaining
observée, observed
obligeait, required
numérique, digital
newton, newton
mustapha, mustapha
millénaires, millennia
manifesté, expressed
maîtriser, control
limpide, limpid
jouet, toy
impitoyable, ruthless
impérial, imperial
hurlements, screams
gratuite, Free
doués, gifted
déchéance, decline
cubes, cubes
couronnes, crowns
constata, found
conseille, advises
condamnée, sentenced
comptaient, had
cheminées, chimneys
caprices, whims
canton, township
augustin, Augustine
arrondissement, district
adopte, adopts
absorber, absorb
travaillaient, worked
toucha, touched
théoriciens, theorists
propreté, cleanliness
pourras, be able
pognon, dough
pneumatiques, pneumatic
plaçant, placing
peuplements, stands
pêches, peaches
minéral, mineral
manier, handle
lus, Read
linguistiques, language
indiquait, indicated
héroïque, heroic
gares, stations
frappés, hit
enjeu, issue
docile, docile
dessinait, drawing
dépendait, depended
confie, says
confessions, confessions
compromettre, compromise
compatriotes, compatriots
chicago, Chicago
bourses, Scholarships
basculer, toggle
avoué, attorney
avertissement, warning
apportées, made
andriot, Andriot
abandonna, abandoned
suggestions, suggestions
sorcier, sorcerer
rezeau, Rezeau
précipitamment, precipitately
pneumatique, pneumatic
piaule, pad
pâleur, pallor
natale, native
misères, miseries
mimi, mimi
méritait, deserved
madrid, Madrid
interaction, interaction
instantanément, instantly
incliné, inclined
ignoble, ignoble
horizons, horizons
granit, granite
frédérique, frédérique
fournie, provided
femelles, females
explicite, explicit
escalade, climbing
emmené, taken
doté, with
doses, doses
distinguent, distinguish
diesel, diesel
délivrance, deliverance
découverts, discovered
coquilles, shells
contentait, satisfied
civiles, civil
circuler, circulate
chênes, oaks
cendrier, ashtray
branle, motion
bagage, luggage
applicable, relevant
alix, alix
aimés, loved
actives, active
validité, validity
thermodynamique, thermodynamic
sanctions, sanctions
rougit, flushed
repéré, spotted
raoul, raoul
pistes, tracks
pêcher, fish
passerelle, bridge
oscillations, swings
neutrons, neutron
nébuleuses, nebulae
mozart, mozart
marquise, marquise
lande, moor
labyrinthe, maze
inscrite, registered
illusoire, illusory
habituels, usual
habituelles, usual
généreuse, generous
gauss, gauss
exprimant, Speaking
excellents, excellent
entrèrent, entered
ennuyeux, boring
encyclopédie, encyclopedia
démission, resignation
déclencher, trigger
décentralisation, decentralization
crache, spit
correspondante, corresponding
compositeur, composer
chiffon, cloth
bêtement, foolishly
atteintes, with
ardent, burning
animée, animated
animales, animal
administrateur, administrator
vachement, really
tolérance, tolerance
tiraient, shooting
soutenue, sustained
significative, significant
sifflement, whistle
sentiers, trails
séduit, seduced
robespierre, robespierre
réveillée, awake
rattache, related
provoquent, cause
pratiquée, practiced
poutres, beams
polarisation, polarization
piliers, Pillars
oublions, forget
orphelin, orphan
oppositions, oppositions
odieux, odious
obéissance, obedience
nain, dwarf
mat, matt
intégrité, integrity
infanterie, infantry
grenade, grenade
exécute, runs
esp, esp
enfonçait, sinking
efforcent, strive
dominait, dominated
défaillance, failure
coupées, cut
condamne, condemns
cherchez, looking
causé, caused
barbare, barbarian
autrichiens, Austrian
autorisé, authorized
angoisses, anxieties
alimenter, feed
agression, aggression
adressa, addressed
varvara, varvara
standard, standard
stables, stable
solaires, solar
servitudes, easements
réveilla, woke
réparties, distributed
rentrés, back
relevait, fell
publiée, published
privilégiée, privileged
pressentiment, presentiment
préfets, Prefects
multicolores, multicolored
marquées, marked
légal, legal
instruire, instruct
imagina, imagined
grasses, fat
foutait, fucked
fonctionnent, work
espéré, hoped
enveloppes, envelopes
dentelles, lace
décrite, described
coulé, cast
consul, consul
combattant, combatant
brûlés, burned
basée, based
apparaissaient, appeared
voudras, wilt
vivacité, liveliness
réveillait, wake up
redressement, recovery
range, Range
ramassa, picked up
parvenaient, reached
partiel, partial
paquebots, liners
observant, observing
morphologie, morphology
métabolisme, metabolism
laisserait, leave
khan, khan
issu, from
inévitablement, inevitably
industrialisation, industrialization
indirecte, indirect
importation, import
impatient, impatient
grogna, growled
figurait, included
fasciné, fascinated
empreintes, footprints
dispute, dispute
devions, had
délicatement, Gently
découle, stems
danseuses, dancers
conservateurs, Conservatives
coco, coco
chandail, sweater
cadran, dial
bise, kiss
attrapé, caught
arriverait, happen
apaiser, appease
ajoutons, add
aisée, Easy
adieux, farewell
vestiaire, cloakroom
traînaient, hanging out
surréalisme, surrealism
spécialisée, specialized
souverains, sovereign
reprochait, criticized
remédier, remedy
réclamait, demanded
rassurant, reassuring
promit, promised
patiente, patient
ocre, ocher
munis, equipped
moïse, bassinet
minable, pathetic
martha, martha
libérale, liberal
impassible, impassive
gravé, inscribed
gerbes, sheaves
gérant, manager
galons, stripes
frénésie, frenzy
emplissait, filled
effrayé, scared
diagramme, diagram
crosse, butt
conservait, retained
consacrées, devoted
chariot, trolley
capitalistes, capitalist
asseyait, sat
arracha, tore
apportés, made
touffes, tufts
technicien, technician
stylo, pen
serpents, snakes
poubelle, trash can
positifs, positive
perforées, perforated
paresseux, lazy
oeti, EITO
nées, born
mûr, mature
ménagères, household
marées, tides
maquillage, makeup
maniement, handling
lunette, lunette
lâcheté, cowardice
jolis, pretty
jalouse, jealous
guy, guy
geh, geh
folies, follies
distincte, separate
désireux, eager
coupables, guilty
chanteur, singer
ballets, ballets
aménagements, facilities
alternance, alternation
accuser, accuse
aamma, Aamma
rouille, rust
roc, rock
punir, punish
prodigieuse, prodigious
pipi, pee
picasso, picasso
pellicule, film
originelle, original
opérateur, operator
maintenue, maintained
lorentz, lorentz
justifié, justified
institutrice, schoolteacher
ingéniosité, ingenuity
incarnation, incarnation
heurter, strike
formel, formal
ferons, will
ethnique, ethnic
enfiler, thread
dormaient, sleeping
divise, divided
démons, demons
déluge, downpour
délibérément, deliberately
décidai, decided
cruellement, cruelly
cracher, spit
contour, contour
cascade, cascade
averse, downpour
apportée, made
appliquait, applied
tremblante, Scrapie
thèses, theses
tardive, Late
supportait, supported
souper, dinner
solennel, solemn
situent, are
scénario, scenario
rejoignent, join
refait, redone
réduites, reduced
réagit, reacts
provocation, provocation
providence, providence
pourrons, can
poignées, handles
permette, allows
pardessus, overcoat
oubliant, forgetting
objection, objection
moules, molds
miennes, mine
mêlées, mixed
logicien, logician
lions, lions
législative, Legislative
juridiction, jurisdiction
isolées, isolated
innocente, innocent
ignorais, unaware
hais, hate
gueules, Gules
guéri, recovered
fringues, clothes
faillite, bankruptcy
explicitement, explicitly
exerçant, practicing
emportant, taking
dortoir, dormitory
dorées, golden
détourna, away
désigna, appointed
dégradation, degradation
couteaux, knives
contemplait, contemplated
consolation, consolation
confirmation, confirmation
coïncide, coincides
circonscription, district
chargement, loading
brûlure, burn
brie, Brie
battent, fighting
baissant, lowering
arrangé, fixed
argenterie, silverware
anormal, abnormal
anonymes, Anonymous
alexandrie, alexandria
voûtes, vaults
villas, villas
valse, waltz
tournées, tours
socle, pedestal
ruiz, ruiz
revenons, back
retentissement, impact
répugnance, reluctance
redresser, straighten
pendu, hanged
pédagogie, pedagogy
péchés, sins
paiements, payments
nager, swim
militants, activists
merveilleusement, wonderfully
mare, pond
lilas, lilac
levier, lever
lèvent, rise
induction, induction
honnêteté, honesty
flingue, gat
employait, employed
elsa, elsa
dijon, dijon
devises, currency
devise, currency
débouche, leads
courageux, courageous
consenti, consented
compagne, companion
chaussées, Pavement
cécile, cécile
carrosserie, body
budgétaires, budget
bruyamment, loud
brillent, shine
bougea, moved
bloch, bloch
back, back
attrape, catch
associées, associated
arrêtèrent, stopped
amirauté, admiralty
alphabet, alphabet
accordent, grant
subtile, subtle
substitue, substitute
sociologiques, sociological
scrupule, scruple
rurales, rural
repoussé, postponed
repoussa, rejected
remplis, filled
réglementaires, regulatory
prieur, prior
orné, decorated
motrices, drive
momentanément, momentarily
médailles, medals
intéressées, Interested
hiroshima, hiroshima
gouttelettes, droplets
gilberte, Gilberte
fusée, rocket
fers, irons
faisceaux, beams
envahir, invade
ennuyer, annoy
descendaient, down
décadence, decay
croise, crosses
coudre, sew
constitutionnel, constitutional
compliments, compliments
commencée, started
cohérente, consistent
carabine, carbine
bracelet, bracelet
botte, boot
artères, arteries
armoires, cabinets
apprécie, appreciate
alfred, alfred
affirmé, said
acajou, mahogany
voudraient, would 
vigilance, vigilance
victoires, victories
vermeil, red
verger, orchard
urbains, urban
transe, trance
suspens, suspense
surveille, monitors
suivies, followed
suffrage, vote
spontané, spontaneous
site, site
seriez, would be
résolus, resolved
raisonnements, reasoning
rafales, gusts
pèlerinage, pilgrimage
pêle, pell
murraille, murraille
mirage, mirage
louer, rent
librairie, bookstore
honoré, honored
hameau, hamlet
gothique, Gothic
géologie, geology
gamins, kids
fui, fled
documentaire, documentary
détours, detours
contrepartie, counterpart
claquant, slamming
céramique, ceramic
boeufs, ox
alternative, alternative
aidait, helped
adeptes, followers
activement, actively
achèvement, completion
abandonnait, abandoned
voyous, rogue
voulue, desired
trompait, wrong
tendues, strained
tarte, pie
sévérité, severity
saurai, know
rudolf, rudolf
relâche, respite
ramena, brought
prêtresse, priestess
prêtes, ready
préférer, prefer
précèdent, above
paternelle, paternal
pâté, paste
orientée, oriented
mérité, deserved
mêlent, mix
méditerranéen, Mediterranean
législateur, legislator
honnêtes, honest
francine, francine
fixement, fixedly
fédérations, federations
fardeau, burden
entrouverte, ajar
enfermée, shut up
dispersés, scattered
courtoisie, courtesy
correspondances, correspondence
confia, entrusted
bouc, goat
bile, bile
battaient, beat
barcelone, barcelona
bagarre, brawl
antibiotiques, Antibiotics
amenait, brought
allures, gaits
allumette, match
veuillez, please
théâtres, theaters
symboliques, symbolic
spécialités, specialties
soustraire, subtract
secousses, shocks
repasser, iron
renvoyé, back
poursuivie, continued
permettront, will
ordonna, ordered
moralement, morally
mesurée, measured
méprise, misunderstanding
maladroitement, awkwardly
mado, mado
locataires, tenants
laissées, left
laideur, ugliness
jura, Jura Mountains
irréductible, irreducible
insolence, insolence
ignorent, ignore
humanisme, humanism
halles, Halls
habituer, accustom
généralité, generality
frêle, frail
franges, fringes
essieux, axles
dissimulé, hidden
dégagée, released
dangereuses, dangerous
coupait, cut
confiant, confident
conçus, designed
coiffée, capped
cohérent, coherent
brigitte, brigitte
brèche, breach
bouddhisme, Buddhism
bataillons, battalions
apprends, learn
aperçue, seen
antérieurement, earlier
annenkov, Annenkov
amicale, friendly
ail, garlic
adn, dna
abel, Abel
toubib, doctor
torche, torch
thierry, thierry
suffisantes, sufficient
serviteur, servant
séjours, stays
satisfaite, satisfied
retenant, retaining
réservées, reserved
renverse, reverses
rempart, rampart
reculé, remote
poupées, dolls
opposait, opposed
nourrice, nurse
man, man
kant, kant
joyeusement, merrily
jointes, attachments
intensément, deeply
incontestablement, undoubtedly
frange, fringe
filtre, filter
extinction, extinction
entrepreneurs, contractors
entourés, surrounded
endormis, asleep
cultivé, cultivated
couvrent, cover
contemple, contemplates
consentir, consent
consciences, consciences
confrères, colleagues
chrétiennes, Christian
carnot, carnot
calmes, calm
baigner, bathe
bâche, tarpaulin
automatiques, Automatic
austère, austere
asseyez, sit
allongés, elongated
affinités, affinities
accueille, hosts
absents, absent
vedettes, stars
varié, varied
tacite, tacit
suspects, suspects
surprend, surprises
sportif, sports
sévèrement, severely
sculpteur, sculptor
saviez, Did
sardines, Sardines
reviendrai, back
rénovation, renovation
renouveau, renewal
recommençait, again
recevant, receiving
propension, propensity
prétentions, claims
présentaient, had
précisa, Precisa
plongea, plunged
perpendiculaire, perpendicular
passai, spent
ordure, trash
occidentales, Western
négocier, negotiate
nationalisation, nationalization
murmuré, whispered
méritent, deserve
méfie, wary
marquant, prominent
intrigues, intrigues
interférences, interference
imperceptiblement, imperceptibly
germaine, germaine
garnison, garrison
frotte, rubs
fraîchement, freshly
fondements, foundations
entretenait, maintained
encontre, against
embrassait, embraced
deviens, become
condamner, condemn
compliqués, complicated
compliquées, complicated
cogne, bump
cochons, pigs
cérébrale, brain
catalogues, catalogs
brazzaville, brazzaville
aplomb, aplomb
alentour, surrounding
abaisse, lowers
violettes, violets
vieillir, age
vaincus, defeated
transmet, transmits
surprit, surprised
subite, Sudden
sébastien, Sebastian
respectives, respective
rassure, reassures
radicaux, radicals
psychologue, psychologist
poursuivant, pursuing
platanes, plane
pédale, pedal
ordinairement, ordinarily
observatoire, observatory
mouillés, wet
jack, jack
iris, iris
impérieux, compelling
haussant, raising
guetter, watch
guettait, watching
grisâtre, greyish
garni, garnished
gardaient, kept
finement, finely
exquise, exquisite
entraînés, trained
emprise, hold
emmenait, took
dressés, prepared
doublé, double
craintes, fears
combustion, combustion
chimistes, Chemists
cabinets, firms
bénédiction, blessing
acharnement, fury
accrochés, hanging
accrochait, clung
abcès, abscess
unification, unification
surgi, sprung
soupirs, sighing
seaux, buckets
reliés, connected
réglage, setting
reconnaissent, recognize
quartz, quartz
protester, protest
prévoyait, provided
possédé, possessed
pommier, apple
percé, perforated
otto, otto
observateurs, observers
monstrueuse, monstrous
menthe, mint
marxisme, Marxism
intestin, intestine
instar, Like
inférieures, lower
hume, hume
frottement, friction
frémissement, shudder
foncière, Land
exagéré, exaggerated
exactes, accurate
eddie, eddie
dispense, dispensation
déposa, filed
départs, departures
déformation, deformation
définissent, define
corrections, corrections
continues, continuous
constatations, findings
circule, circulates
cinétique, kinetic
choisies, chosen
cellulaires, cellular
boulevards, boulevards
atmosphérique, atmospheric
alarme, alarm
xiv, xiv
vibrer, vibrate
urbaines, urban
trempe, temper
tiédeur, tepidity
subsistent, remain
sentimentale, sentimental
sembler, seem
sautant, jumping
roulaient, rolling
robuste, robust
respecte, respects
reporter, reporter
reliefs, reliefs
ravin, ravine
rade, roadstead
pyramide, pyramid
proposés, proposed
promise, Promised
produisait, produced
plongeait, plunged
plaqué, plated
pénétrait, penetrated
oliviers, olive
observées, observed
masséna, massena
malédiction, curse
maladroit, clumsy
invita, invited
injection, injection
impératif, imperative
hostilités, hostilities
grappes, clusters
goudron, tar
froidement, coldly
fours, Ovens
fougères, Ferns
fontaines, fountains
expositions, exhibitions
expérimental, experimental
donnèrent, gave
désignation, designation
dansent, dance
coureur, runner
coopératives, cooperatives
commanda, ordered
calibre, caliber
bondir, pounce
balustrade, balustrade
avare, miser
arrestation, arrest
anatole, anatolia
amendements, amendments
aînés, seniors
acceptent, accept
tri, sorting
tourbillons, vortices
splendide, splendid
rudement, roughly
renferme, contains
remplaçant, substitute
relevés, statements
réfectoire, refectory
rareté, scarcity
poussiéreux, dusty
peuplé, populated
pendre, hang
patronat, Employers
passive, passive
oài, oai
nazis, Nazis
musculaires, muscle
marxiste, Marxist
marmite, pot
jazz, jazz
infirmité, infirmity
hydraulique, hydraulic
gravure, etching
gracieux, graceful
gorenfan, Gorenfan
fûmes, were
frappent, strike
fiers, proud
ferment, ferment
ell', ell '
dormant, dormant
dissiper, dispel
disions, say
digestion, digestion
déploie, deploys
demeuraient, remained
délit, offense
déformations, deformations
criaient, cried
combiné, combined
cheminement, path
centimètre, centimeter
carlo, carlo
carence, deficiency
ascendant, ascending
africaine, African
vols, flights
traitant, dealing
réuni, together
repères, benchmarks
renoncement, renunciation
redoutables, formidable
rédigé, written
réciproques, reciprocal
récepteurs, receptors
rattacher, link
ralentissement, deceleration
radiateur, radiator
proposées, proposed
projecteurs, projectors
préparant, preparing
poliment, politely
pigeon, pigeon
parurent, appeared
nets, Net
moquer, mock
mollets, calves
ménages, households
médiocrité, mediocrity
mangent, eat
mâ', ma '
infinité, infinity
indiscutable, indisputable
imitant, imitating
guet, watch
golfe, gulf
gerbe, sheaf
exceptionnels, exceptional
entretient, maintains
enrichissement, enrichment
distinctement, distinctly
démographiques, Demographic
décoratif, decorative
dakar, dakar
correct, correct
contenta, contented
consigne, setpoint
bars, bars
barbelés, barbed wire
assistant, assistant
applaudissements, applause
anton, anton
acceptée, accepted
uniformément, uniformly
trancher, cut
symbolisme, symbolism
sursis, reprieve
successeurs, successors
solidaire, solidarity
saleté, dirt
rhine, rhine
renversée, reversed
refermée, closed
rédacteur, editor
participé, participated
oubliais, forgot
orge, barley
objectivité, objectivity
nettes, Net
maxima, maxima
marchais, walking
maladresse, clumsiness
machin, gadget
lustre, luster
liquidation, liquidation
invraisemblable, unlikely
intrigue, plot
infirme, infirm
hillairé, Hillaire
hilaire, hilar
grottes, Caves
gravures, prints
gravitation, gravitation
galaxies, galaxies
ferdinand, ferdinand
faussement, falsely
familiarité, familiarity
euphorie, euphoria
diffraction, diffraction
demeuré, remained
dante, dante
dansant, dancing
couvrant, covering
console, console
concentré, concentrated
claquement, slam
caressant, stroking
blondes, blondes
blessée, injured
arsenal, arsenal
amont, upstream
aimons, like
aboutissent, lead
abondamment, profusely
voter, vote
tuberculose, tuberculosis
tnp, tnp
symétrique, symmetric
steppe, steppe
soulagé, relieved
soufflant, blowing
sanglot, sob
rudes, rough
répétées, repeated
rejet, rejection
rebelles, rebels
priver, deprive
préférences, preferences
pie, magpie
perpétuellement, perpetually
oppression, oppression
maints, many
léxèmes, lexemes
interrogatoire, interrogation
inquiétante, disturbing
hurlait, screamed
hess, hess
hermann, hermann
habille, dresses
glissaient, slipped
glangowness, glangowness
gendarmerie, police
gémissement, groan
fourmis, ants
fondait, based
fibre, fiber
fédérale, Federal
faubourgs, outskirts
effondrement, collapse
dominantes, dominant
delacroix, delacroix
déesse, goddess
déchirer, rip
cuiller, spoon
croisée, cross
crinière, mane
cotisations, contributions
convois, Convoys
convictions, convictions
consciemment, consciously
commodité, convenience
coiffe, cap
cheville, ankle
brouhaha, hubbub
boulard, boulard
baissait, lowered
avancent, advance
atténuer, mitigate
approuve, approves
améliorations, improvements
allusions, hints
africain, African
admettant, admitting
académique, academic
abeilles, Bees
véra, vera
triompher, triumph
tentes, tents
solennité, solemnity
singularité, singularity
riposte, riposte
reviendrons, back
révélée, revealed
résistants, resistant
repartit, returned
recommandations, recommendations
promettait, promised
préfèrent, prefer
pétroliers, oil
persiste, persists
paniers, baskets
obscurément, darkly
nuées, clouds
murmurer, murmur
inspirée, inspired
influx, influx
homogènes, homogeneous
gratitude, gratitude
gloria, gloria
gaulois, Gallic
fuit, leaking
flaque, puddle
facilite, facilitates
exposée, exposed
entourant, surrounding
emparer, capture
doutais, suspected
docteurs, doctors
désaccord, disagreement
cyprès, cypress
cristallin, crystalline
classées, classified
barman, bartender
autocar, bus
astronomie, astronomy
artificiellement, artificially
apprécié, appreciated
anarchie, anarchy
alliances, alliances
accents, accents
abominable, abominable
vergers, orchards
ter, ter
tasses, cups
succédé, succeeded
soviets, Soviets
somptueux, sumptuous
révolté, rebel
repentir, repentance
récoltes, crops
produites, produced
pourvoir, provide
plantation, planting
pâtisserie, pastry
parlera, speak
océans, oceans
natal, native
nadia, nadia
mystérieuses, mysterious
munitions, ammunition
molière, Molière
mettrait, would put
léo, leo
jettent, throw
institutrices, teachers
indiquée, indicated
habituée, accustomed
grecques, Greek
galaxie, galaxy
fréquentation, attendance
fabia, fabia
entrain, spirit
entendaient, heard
durait, lasted
digue, dam
combine, combines
cloisons, partitions
chauffe, heating
cauchy, cauchy
californie, California
belges, Belgian
baigne, bathes
arcs, arcs
appliqués, applied
ambitieux, ambitious
aïe, ouch
abandonnées, abandoned
unanime, unanimous
stérilité, sterility
secousse, shock
salua, greeted
rétablissement, recovery
raideur, stiffness
protestations, protests
produisant, producing
pouls, pulse
postales, Post
polaire, polar
pénétra, penetrated
musulman, Muslim
michelin, Recommended
mettais, put
marqua, marked
magazines, magazines
location, hire
libéralisme, liberalism
levai, rose
irréel, unreal
intenses, intense
immortalité, immortality
forestière, Forest
fiscale, tax
filait, spun
exclure, exclude
donnons, give
croquis, sketch
corridor, corridor
contrôlée, controlled
contradictoire, contradictory
consommateur, consumer
considèrent, consider
conformes, conform
complétée, completed
circulaires, circular
cavité, cavity
catastrophes, Disaster
cachées, hidden
cachaient, hiding
boulogne, boulogne
botanique, botany
bobine, coil
bienveillance, benevolence
avale, swallows
auvergne, auvergne
assieds, sit
aériens, air
accordées, granted
you, you
viii, viii
tumeurs, tumors
suédois, Swedish
slip, underpants
revendication, claim
repart, restarts
remplissait, filled
puces, chips
prié, asked
prêtent, lend
prétendent, claim
pressée, pressed
poteaux, posts
planification, planning
parrain, sponsor
orages, storms
opportunité, timeliness
nommée, named
municipale, Municipal
millénaire, millennium
implicitement, implicitly
humbles, humble
grimaces, grimaces
figée, frozen
essayons, try
enfuit, away
enfoui, buried
dévotion, devotion
descendirent, down
déchirée, torn
couilles, balls
correcte, correct
cologne, cologne
bourdonnement, hum
boucherie, butchery
berges, banks
assoit, sits
admirablement, admirably
vinaigre, vinegar
verrou, lock
vaines, vain
successeur, successor
serveuse, waitress
rival, rival
révéla, revealed
retrouvaient, found themselves
requis, required
renseigner, inform
quotidiennes, daily
provoquant, causing
procureur, prosecutor
préparatoires, preparatory
préparatoire, preparatory
peupliers, poplars
perche, perch
parcourt, travels
opéré, operated
nie, denies
mécaniquement, mechanically
isaac, isaac
insouciance, recklessness
indemnités, compensation
impeccable, impeccable
grillage, grating
goulot, neck
gendre, son
foutue, damn
fées, Fairies
expert, expert
excitant, exciting
enterrer, bury
duel, duel
dégageait, radiated
décrits, described
dauphine, Runner
crabe, crab
coudrier, hazel
codes, codes
chaussure, shoe
cardiaque, cardiac
calcaire, limestone
cachant, hiding
buté, stubborn
brigade, brigade
bouleversement, upheaval
aveux, confessions
atteignant, up
apocalypse, Apocalypse
antichambre, antechamber
adressée, addressed
adorait, loved
volet, flap
vainqueurs, winners
textiles, textiles
soupçons, suspicion
rubis, ruby
restriction, restriction
replié, folded
rendrait, would produce
remplies, filled
projette, plans
procession, procession
préhistoire, prehistory
pèsent, weigh
payait, paid
partons, start
parer, ward
paradoxalement, paradoxically
négatifs, negative
mystiques, Mystics
monotonie, monotony
mégot, butt
manoir, manor
loué, leased
livraison, delivery
landes, moors
jeannette, jeannette
inconsciente, unconscious
homogénéité, homogeneity
fidèlement, faithfully
fascination, fascination
falaises, cliffs
fable, fable
dorénavant, now
disparus, missing
discuté, discussed
détaillée, detailed
déroute, rout
del, del
croisement, crossing
correspondait, corresponded
climats, climates
chantaient, singing
budgétaire, budgetary
botard, Botard
binaire, binary
avidité, greed
aurélie, aurélie
apprennent, learn
anxieux, anxious
amusement, fun
aigus, treble
aborde, addresses
vincennes, vincennes
utilement, usefully
tonne, ton
tirées, from
terminologie, terminology
teintes, colors
suspendus, suspended
surmonté, overcome
spirale, spiral
songeant, thinking
servirait, would serve
serviettes, towels
remuait, moved
radiodiffusion, broadcasting
protéine, protein
projeté, projected
pointu, sharp
ordonner, order
montants, amounts
médicaux, medical
médicales, medical
luis, luis
jaunâtre, yellowish
invitait, invited
intelligible, intelligible
incrédule, incredulous
horizontal, horizontal
gratter, scratch
frotter, rub
fillettes, girls
etty, etty
estimation, estimate
ennuyait, bored
encombrée, congested
enchantement, enchantment
emmena, took
dressa, rose
diviser, divide
dépouille, clearance
déployer, deploy
départementaux, departmental
décrites, described
creuses, hollow
créateurs, creators
contribuent, contribute
consistent, consist
conseillé, advisable
confondait, confused
chlorure, chloride
camille, camille
calcium, calcium
brebis, sheep
apparurent, appeared
appareillage, equipment
anecdote, anecdote
tailler, cut
sabine, sabine
rouquin, ginger
rigoler, laugh
rhétorique, rhetoric
retrouvera, find
rétine, retina
régulation, regulation
raisonner, reason
quittée, left
punition, punishment
protesta, protested
prononça, pronounced
préface, preface
poignard, dagger
pitt, pitt
originel, original
orienté, oriented
octroi, granting
norme, standard
naissait, born
mouvant, moving
moquait, fun
maniaque, maniac
lançant, launching
lacets, laces
jetaient, cast
iooooo, iooooo
inéluctable, inevitable
improbable, unlikely
hectare, hectare
hartani, hartani
freinage, braking
fixent, set
exode, exodus
existants, existing
enfermés, locked
encens, incense
défendait, defended
dansaient, dancing
damas, damask
courbure, curvature
conservant, maintaining
chèques, checks
caverne, cave
boissons, drinks
biscuits, biscuits
balançait, swinging
avançaient, advanced
arrêtaient, stopped
architectes, Architects
apercevant, Perceiving
adolescente, teenager
visuel, visual
verticales, vertical
utilisables, used
transferts, transfers
surnaturel, supernatural
suisses, Swiss
subvention, grant
sordide, sordid
sodium, sodium
signée, signed
saindoux, lard
résigné, resigned
relire, read back
poussières, dust
poursuivent, continue
pourrie, rotten
pisse, piss
participants, Participants
parking, parking
parie, bet
papyrus, papyrus
oriente, orients
musulmane, Muslim
motion, motion
moite, moist
menées, conducted
marcheret, marcheret
magnifiques, beautiful
loges, Lodges
livrait, delivered
liège, cork
inconscience, unconsciousness
incapacité, inability
illustrer, illustrate
hérité, inherited
hasards, hazards
formalités, formalities
folklore, folklore
finalité, finality
fabricants, Manufacturers
exposées, exposed
enrichi, enriched
empêchent, prevent
empare, hold
embrassé, embraced
descendants, progeny
dérobée, stolen
courtois, courteous
confiture, jam
concentrée, concentrated
civique, civic
christian, christian
capter, capture
bretelles, braces
berge, bank
bavarder, chat
baptiste, baptist
avertis, warned
authenticité, authenticity
apprenant, learner
aiguës, acute
adaptés, adapted
accompagna, accompanied
voué, dedicated
utilisable, usable
urine, urine
tracteur, tractor
tickets, Tickets
temporaires, temporary
soutenait, supported
sexuels, Sex
saoul, drunk
romantiques, Romantic
rita, rita
retours, Returns
retenues, selected
répétés, repeated
repartait, off again
rapportait, reported
protestantisme, Protestantism
primordiale, primary
précipitation, precipitation
poteau, post
portais, wore
plausible, plausible
paternel, paternal
occupants, occupants
nourrissait, fed
navales, Naval
nationalisme, nationalism
mystérieusement, mysteriously
mériter, deserve
lessive, laundry
larves, larvae
jami, jami
jacobins, Jacobins
ioooo, ioooo
interview, interview
insultes, insults
insaisissable, elusive
inévitables, inevitable
guirlandes, tinsel
fournisseurs, suppliers
foncier, Land
floraison, flowering
fermiers, farmers
fermier, farmer
empiriques, empirical
déplaçant, moving
démarrage, start-up
cuillère, spoon
coupant, cutting
complot, plot
chariots, Carts
changée, changed
caractérisent, characterize
avoine, oat
assassins, assassins
arn, arn
armure, armor
amante, lover
acceptable, acceptable
vivres, rations
vicieux, vicious
veillait, watched
vanina, vanina
tordu, twisted
tomates, tomatoes
superphosphate, superphosphate
stratégiques, strategic
sphères, spheres
souhait, wish
signifiant, meaning
sénateur, senator
sautait, jump
satin, satin
revêtir, take
répétitions, repetitions
réciprocité, reciprocity
réalisent, realize
pue, stinks
publicitaire, Advertising
posaient, posed
perfectionnements, improvements
parvenue, reached
parlerai, speak
orlando, orlando
oriental, Oriental
obligatoires, Required
nourris, fed
nommait, called
négligemment, carelessly
mosaïque, mosaic
minutieusement, thoroughly
matériellement, materially
kilomètre, kilometer
interrogea, asked
indifférents, indifferent
indienne, Indian
incidence, impact
imprévisibles, unpredictable
hurlement, howl
humus, humus
gisements, deposits
gamine, girl
fossés, ditches
facture, invoice
exécutés, executed
enzymes, enzymes
ennemie, enemy
emprunte, borrows
divisée, divided
dérouler, unroll
déroulait, place
défunt, late
déclenche, triggers
curiosités, curiosities
cheveu, hair
bergère, shepherdess
bénéficiaires, beneficiaries
beautés, beauties
banquiers, Bankers
avalé, swallowed
attentifs, attentive
arrangeait, arranged
annales, annals
ampoules, bulbs
ambulance, ambulance
agitaient, waved
aéronautique, aerospace
acquiert, acquires
absurdes, absurd
vaille, worth
urbanisation, urbanization
transforment, transform
tempêtes, storms
tempe, temple
tac, tac
surgissent, arise
sessions, sessions
rigides, rigid
riemann, riemann
regrettait, sorry
refusent, refuse
protégeait, protected
prédominance, predominance
prague, prague
potassium, potassium
permirent, allowed
périphériques, devices
pensionnaires, residents
passes, passes
ouvrez, open
orifice, hole
orale, Oral
naïvement, naively
montées, mounted
monseigneur, Bishop
mignon, cute
métaphore, metaphor
mathilde, mathilde
maternelles, maternal
loupe, magnifying glass
livrent, deliver
lancés, launched
lamentable, lamentable
irréversible, irreversible
infaillible, infallible
inégalités, inequalities
grandement, greatly
gonfle, swells
gênant, embarrassing
forgé, forged
flaubert, flaubert
fatalement, inevitably
fabrications, manufacturing
exerçait, exercised
ethniques, ethnic
escorte, escort
dessinée, Comic
desbaresdes, Desbaresdes
dérober, steal
dénomination, denomination
découpage, cutting
conscients, aware
confitures, jams
circonscriptions, constituencies
chantal, chantal
câbles, cables
bougre, bugger
avantageux, advantageous
associe, combines
archaïque, archaic
appellation, designation
apollon, Apollo
amena, brought
admettait, admitted
adaptée, adapted
absurdité, absurdity
abstraites, abstract
val, val
tunique, tunic
traînées, trails
traînée, drag
taillée, cut
suggéré, suggested
sillons, furrows
sentimental, sentimental
semelle, sole
scientifiquement, scientifically
samazelle, Samazelle
salades, salads
remboursement, reimbursement
réfléchis, reflected
promettre, promise
poussés, pushed
planque, stash
percée, breakthrough
pathologie, pathology
particularité, feature
parte, parte
partagent, share
orbites, orbits
nettoyage, cleaning
nausée, nausea
moisson, harvest
masculin, male
manifestait, manifested
jument, mare
jacob, jacob
intégral, integral
inégale, uneven
imagines, imagine
héroïne, heroin
hérésie, heresy
habillés, dressed
gouvernementale, government
gentils, nice
généralités, general
fréquenter, frequent
fée, fairy
favorisé, favored
esthétiques, aesthetic
enregistré, recorded
embryon, embryo
devinrent, became
désirable, desirable
deçà, below
débute, begins
débauche, debauchery
craignant, fearing
conjonction, conjunction
complété, completed
chiffons, rags
chanté, sung
chandelle, candle
bobines, coils
beauce, beauce
bauer, bauer
balcons, balconies
authentiques, authentic
amazone, amazon
allongement, elongation
agacé, annoyed
adoptées, adopted
abriter, shelter
voulus, desired
vida, vida
turandot, turandot
tuileries, tile
territoriale, Territorial
térésa, Teresa
surveillait, watching
supprime, deletes
suarez, suarez
ski, ski
séparant, separating
revoyait, was reviewing
restons, remain
résout, solves
répercussions, impact
renfort, reinforcement
remplacée, replaced
recouvrait, covered
psychiatre, psychiatrist
pressant, pressing
préparatifs, preparations
positives, positive
perplexe, perplexed
paulo, paulo
passager, passenger
offres, offers
morose, morose
longe, loin
lacunes, gaps
juvénile, juvenile
insurrection, insurgency
imaginant, imagining
hongrie, Hungary
grimpe, climbs
frissons, chills
fourrés, thickets
exquis, exquisite
essayai, tried
duvet, fluff
discontinuité, discontinuity
dictée, dictated
dangereusement, perilously
cynisme, cynicism
coquillages, shells
consistant, consisting
confirmée, confirmed
chaudière, boiler
cartable, schoolbag
buis, boxwood
blesser, hurt
biche, doe
barbu, bearded
artificielles, artificial
articulations, joints
arrachait, tore
approuver, approve
animer, animate
abruti, jerk
werther, Werther
vulnérable, vulnerable
viandes, meat
unissent, unite
tourment, torment
supprimé, deleted
stupéfait, amazed
spontanéité, spontaneity
sirènes, sirens
sentie, felt
satisfactions, satisfactions
sandwich, sandwich
répression, repression
reparti, left
renseignement, Intelligence
relier, link
recrutés, recruited
rappellent, recall
protégée, protected
posture, posture
postale, Post
portières, doors
plaisante, pleasant
plaignait, complained
paroisse, parish
pardonnez, Forgive
offices, Offices
mortels, fatal
meurs, die
mauriac, mauriac
magistrats, magistrates
lin, flax
laplace, laplace
justifiée, justified
instances, instances
inséparable, inseparable
impérieuse, compelling
impatiente, impatient
hymne, anthem
glacial, glacial
gènes, genes
figaro, figaro
fièrement, proudly
ficelles, strings
familières, familiar
enveloppait, enveloped
entrevu, glimpsed
enferme, encloses
discute, discusses
dérivées, derived
départementales, departmental
danube, Danube
cultiver, cultivate
condensation, condensation
comprises, included
communique, communicates
coloniale, colonial
centralisation, centralization
célébrer, celebrate
causalité, causality
boxe, boxing
bébert, Bebert
barthélemy, barthélemy
baissée, down
arêtes, edges
approchée, approximated
appelles, call
ana, ana
allumage, ignition
affirment, say
accablé, overwhelmed
vieillissement, aging
unie, united
tracés, plots
torlu, Torlu
tâtons, groping
systématiques, systematic
sportive, Sports
spécifiquement, specifically
soupçonne, suspect
romaines, Roman
rigole, channel
revienne, back
reprennent, resume
reprends, resume
renommée, renown
remontée, ascent
relie, links
rebelle, rebel
qualitative, qualitative
plantations, plantations
pâturages, pastures
paisibles, peaceful
odette, odette
municipalités, Municipalities
ministérielle, Ministerial
martyre, martyrdom
marraine, godmother
magnitude, magnitude
julia, julia
jugée, considered
joséphine, Josephine
initiés, Insiders
ingénieux, ingenious
impératrice, empress
immédiats, immediate
huîtres, oysters
hormis, except for
hémisphère, hemisphere
grades, grades
gowan, gowan
glaise, clay
fuyait, leaking
fournissait, provided
expliquant, explaining
expérimentalement, experimentally
expéditions, shipments
essayez, try
entraînée, driven
entonnoir, funnel
dotés, with
doctorat, Ph.D.
dévorer, devour
destructions, destruction
dépourvus, without
dépourvue, no
départementale, Departmental
débouché, outlet
concerts, concerts
cadet, cadet
bourgeoises, bourgeois
bergers, shepherds
banalité, banality
bals, balls
attendue, expected
arrangements, arrangements
arbitrairement, arbitrarily
antenne, antenna
aldo, aldo
affectée, affected
absorbe, absorbs
visuelle, visual
vexé, upset
trouée, gap
tièdes, warm
syndicales, union
soumet, submitted
souffrent, suffer
souffles, blasts
sottise, stupidity
révélations, revelations
résolue, resolved
résistant, resistant
résigner, resign
répand, spreads
regroupement, grouping
rapportent, relate
proteste, protests
profita, advantage
préférais, preferred
prédécesseurs, predecessors
poux, lice
polémique, controversy
pleurant, crying
plaçait, placed
phénoménologie, phenomenology
périphérique, peripheral
pénibles, painful
paralysé, paralyzed
oxyde, oxide
oise, oise
oedipe, Oedipus
minerais, minerals
microbes, microbes
mammouth, mammoth
maintenait, maintained
jupiter, Jupiter
intersection, intersection
inquiétudes, concerns
imite, mimics
identifie, identifies
horreurs, horrors
hâter, hasten
hardi, bold
gonzesse, chick
fatigués, tired
examina, examined
entropie, entropy
emploient, employ
effectuent, perform
disposées, arranged
die, die
correspondantes, corresponding
corpuscules, corpuscles
contester, challenge
communale, communal
carnets, books
capitulation, surrender
balançant, swinging
attribués, assigned
attira, attracted
articulaires, joint
alignés, aligned
agressif, aggressive
actrice, actress
voulions, wanted
visière, visor
vanter, boast
thermiques, thermal
suspecte, suspect
spéculations, Speculation
siffle, whistles
séculaire, secular
scepticisme, skepticism
ruisseaux, streams
rendis, went
réfraction, refraction
recouvrir, cover
rappelez, remember
rame, train
ralliement, rally
rafale, gust
prophètes, Prophets
prévention, prevention
permanentes, permanent
péripéties, adventures
perdaient, lost
paysannes, Peasant
pathologique, pathological
pansement, dressing
orfèvres, goldsmiths
ordonnances, orders
offrande, offering
muzil, Muzil
moraux, moral
monastère, monastery
mendiant, beggar
menant, leading
mao, mao
lustres, chandeliers
livrés, delivered
léré, Lere
lauriers, laurels
insensé, foolish
indiquent, indicate
grès, sandstone
golf, golf
gil, gil
froissement, creasing
froideur, coldness
fournissant, providing
finissaient, ended
escale, stop
enfonça, thrust
empara, seized
doublement, doubly
dominent, dominate
documentaires, documentary
détachant, remover
critiquer, criticize
coussin, cushion
coulisses, wings
contemporaines, Contemporary
constructeur, builder
complets, complete
ciné, cine
cherchons, seek
chanteurs, singers
châle, shawl
chabotte, anvil
brumes, mists
bide, bomb
bénéficie, benefits
baissés, lowered
baies, bays
aspire, sucks
ardoise, slate
agitée, agitated
accompagnant, accompanying
accéléré, accelerated
vilaine, ugly
vierges, virgin
verticalement, vertically
valets, Jacks
tome, volume
temporel, temporal
tarzan, Tarzan
tartine, slice
tarde, soon
sulfate, sulfate
succède, succeeds
styles, styles
spéculation, speculation
solennellement, solemnly
sirop, syrup
sexuelles, sexual
sente, feel
savante, scholarly
sandales, sandals
ruses, tricks
rivalité, rivalry
repoussant, repulsive
réparations, repairs
piqûre, sting
patriotes, Patriots
passif, passive
paranormaux, paranormal
palace, luxury hotel
originales, original
orateur, speaker
montbrun, montbrun
livide, livid
lévy, Levy
kirilov, kirilov
itinéraires, routes
interrogé, questioned
implicite, implicit
homo, homo
hiérarchique, hierarchical
hamid, hamid
haïr, hate
gîte, gite
géantes, Giant
fondant, melting
faîte, top
fabrizio, fabrizio
engagent, undertake
doubler, double
dommages, damage
distinct, separate
détourné, roundabout
croiser, cross
constants, constant
conférer, confer
caressa, stroked
calvaire, calvary
calculée, calculated
braque, hound
boyau, gut
arrondi, round
apprête, ready
affectueux, affectionate
accusés, accused
transmissions, transmissions
thyroïde, thyroid
terminait, ended
soulevée, raised
sondages, polls
sire, sire
royales, Royal
roulent, roll
résulter, result
restaurer, restore
résisté, resisted
remplacés, replaced
redoute, redoubt
réciter, recite
rappelles, remember
qualifier, qualify
prononçait, pronounced
promouvoir, promote
polaires, polar
performances, performance
orgue, organ
navette, shuttle
minutieuse, careful
mignonne, cute
mercerie, haberdashery
mauves, purple
lulu, lulu
lucarne, skylight
libéraux, Liberals
lézard, lizard
légendaire, legendary
ldi, ldi
intelligents, intelligent
inexplicable, inexplicable
illustré, illustrated
gigantesques, gigantic
exploit, feat
expiration, expiry
exotiques, exotic
enregistre, records
engageait, committed
durables, sustainable
dualité, duality
diplomates, diplomats
désertes, deserted
criminels, Criminals
créait, created
consommé, consumed
coma, coma
brutes, Raw
bouchée, bite
attendons, expect
arrêtez, stop
arbitraires, arbitrary
animés, animated
anecdotes, Anecdotes
aies, hast
affecte, affects
usée, worn
traîtres, traitors
trac, stage fright
tournés, turned
totaux, total
superposition, superposition
succéder, succeed
savoie, Savoy
sainteté, holiness
rivages, shores
renvoi, reference
regagna, returned
quotidiennement, daily
purée, puree
pressent, press
préoccupe, concern
prénoms, names
postulat, postulate
pinceaux, Brushes
pelouses, Lawns
passeport, passport
panthéon, pantheon
orthodoxe, orthodox
oranges, oranges
nuire, harm
noué, knotted
nef, nave
mondiales, global
minville, Minville
meure, dies
lugubre, gloomy
lazare, lazare
kléber, Kleber
jets, jets
irremplaçable, irreplaceable
invitée, invited
inconcevable, inconceivable
illuminé, illuminated
hospitalier, hospital
grisaille, gray
giselle, giselle
gestapo, gestapo
géraldine, géraldine
génial, great
gémir, groan
feinte, feint
famine, famine
estimé, estimated
dîners, dinners
déterminations, determinations
détachait, detached
descendus, down
défensive, defensive
décidait, decided
danois, Danish
croyants, Believers
considéra, considered
combiner, combine
cliquetis, rattle
chut, hush
caucase, Caucasus
cargo, cargo
bûcher, pyre
bis, bis
bavarde, talkative
attarder, linger
attachait, attached
arrêtées, arrested
arrachée, torn
aragon, aragon
approfondir, deepen
anomalies, abnormalities
visité, visited
véranda, veranda
trompée, deceived
trimestre, quarter
sourcil, eyebrow
révélateur, revealing
réorganisation, reorganization
renversement, reversal
rejetée, rejected
ravages, ravages
provoquait, caused
produisit, produced
primordial, primary
prestigieux, prestigious
posément, calmly
pinard, plonk
perruque, wig
ornée, decorated
originaire, native
lunaire, lunar
libérales, liberal
leibniz, Leibniz
lattes, slats
lancement, launching
jungle, jungle
isolément, in isolation
involontaire, involuntary
introduisant, introducing
inspirés, inspired
impuissant, powerless
imprimer, print
hésitations, hesitations
galère, galley
fret, freight
fournies, provided
favori, favorite
facettes, facets
emporta, carried
dramatiques, dramatic
demoiselles, Misses
croisière, cruise
criminelle, criminal
coordonner, coordinate
complètes, complete
compartiments, compartments
colonial, colonial
cogner, knock
cliché, cliche
clerc, clerk
chronologie, chronology
chantage, blackmail
censé, supposed
cafard, cockroach
bulletins, newsletters
azotés, nitrogenous
arrivons, arrive
arche, ark
anticipation, anticipation
annuellement, annually
amortissement, amortization
allah, Allah
agglomérations, settlements
accordés, granted
aboutissant, leading
abdoul, abdoul
abaisser, lower
vertébrés, vertebrates
sémantique, semantic
rigidité, rigidity
réunissent, meet
rendra, will
rende, makes
regardons, look
rectangulaire, rectangular
réalisant, performing
rayonnements, radiation
ration, ration
rangea, ranged
quittés, left
pétales, petals
persistance, persistence
penchés, examined
paranormale, Paranormal
obscène, obscene
neutralité, neutrality
naquit, was born
ministériels, Corporate
marceline, marceline
macro, macro
lâches, Loose
investir, invest
insomnie, insomnia
insistait, insisted
infectieuses, Infectious
indifféremment, indifferently
ignoré, unknown
idéologique, ideological
hodkann, hodkann
harmonieux, harmonious
halo, halo
fraude, fraud
fondent, based
fondations, foundations
féminins, female
examiné, examined
enveloppée, wrapped
empruntés, borrowed
eiffel, eiffel
dumas, dumas
dôme, dome
distraite, distracted
diplomate, diplomat
descendue, down
dépouillé, bare
dany, dany
curieuses, curious
curie, curie
croisa, crossed
cote, odds
connaisse, know
clown, Clown
cime, top
carriole, cart
caroline, caroline
camping, camping
bulle, bubble
bâtisse, building
allongea, stretched
accélérer, accelerate
vraisemblance, likelihood
volumineux, bulky
unions, Unions
ultérieure, later
sensualité, sensuality
rio, rio
régie, governed
ralentir, slow down
raisin, grapes
plaça, placed
pinces, pliers
niche, niche
mouiller, wet
médiation, mediation
ligue, league
invoquer, invoke
hélice, propeller
gant, glove
fascisme, fascism
crucifix, crucifix
baroque, baroque
bach, bach
apaisement, appeasement
affective, emotional
adaptées, adapted
acheta, bought
tortue, turtle
tic, tic
récupération, recovery
quanta, quanta
pend, hanging
olive, olive
mie, crumb
messager, messenger
garanti, guaranteed
gage, pledge
fâché, angry
excité, excited
dépenser, spend
costaud, beefy
consulté, consulted
consommations, consumption
commandée, commissioned
capot, hood
beige, beige
babeth, babeth
autorisés, authorized
audition, hearing
valence, valence
repli, fold
reçois, get
placement, investment
opposant, opponent
mineure, minor
menteur, liar
jardinier, gardener
effrayante, scary
découragement, discouragement
décorations, decorations
commerçant, merchant
assume, assumes
antan, yesteryear
alliée, ally
affirmations, statements
usa, USA
tartines, toast
spirituelles, spiritual
puzzle, puzzle
proposent, offer
promet, promises
pavillons, pavilions
oasis, oasis
mens, mens
mât, mast
lièvre, hare
incendies, Fire
gastrique, gastric
excédent, surplus
errant, wandering
embrayage, clutch
dialogues, dialogues
détruite, destroyed
corruption, corruption
cerises, cherries
avancés, Advanced
audacieux, bold
agneau, lamb
volants, Flying
trompette, trumpet
tablette, shelf
stabilisation, stabilization
sortira, out
silex, flint
richelieu, richelieu
queues, tails
nomades, nomadic
monologue, monologue
mate, matt
just, just
ive, ive
inversion, inversion
grenoble, grenoble
frime, sham
fâcheux, untoward
exploitant, exploiting
employeur, employer
dynamiques, dynamic
bergson, Bergson
atlas, atlas
apparat, pageantry
agressive, aggressive
aéroport, airport
accessoire, accessory
accessibles, accessible
académies, Academies
traversaient, crossing
touffe, tuft
tertiaire, tertiary
portugais, Portuguese
perse, Persian
parasite, parasite
pantoufles, slippers
orteils, toes
nouveautés, new
moutarde, mustard
libye, Libya
graphiques, graphics
feed, feed
enthousiaste, enthusiastic
entamer, start
crustacés, crustaceans
artek, artek
vannes, valves
trompettes, trumpets
simplifier, simplify
sauvegarde, safeguard
raccourci, shortcut
prospection, prospecting
propulsion, propulsion
préférée, favorite
portier, porter
pitoyable, pitiful
perroquet, parrot
mussolini, mussolini
mortier, mortar
méfiant, suspicious
jouée, played
inclus, included
girls, girls
gains, earnings
envoyée, sent
déçue, disappointed
courbé, curved
cavernes, Caverns
casques, helmets
bières, beers
balayer, sweep
avancées, advanced
augmentent, increase
arrivées, Arrivals
actionnaires, shareholders
ver, worm
suspendre, suspend
sportifs, sports
rugby, rugby
revenais, returned
résineux, resinous
pilules, pills
pilotes, pilot
molotov, molotov
meute, pack
idole, idol
gagnant, winner
eugénie, eugenics
dominée, dominated
désolée, sorry
compatible, compatible
cimes, peaks
champignon, mushroom
câble, cable
boulet, drag
borné, limited
athlète, athlete
verdi, verdi
veilleuse, night light
terroir, local
tam, tom
stockage, storage
pancarte, placard
ouvertures, overtures
osseux, bony
orientales, Eastern
municipalité, municipality
littoral, coastline
hypocrite, hypocrite
fendre, split
compétitions, competitions
comblé, filled
bûches, logs
antennes, antennas
adoration, worship
abolition, abolition
tablettes, shelves
suc, juice
souterrains, Underground
précédant, before
partez, go
palestine, Palestine
oignon, onion
néon, neon
magazine, magazine
java, Java
garce, bitch
gamelle, mess kit
fromages, cheese
envol, flight
dollar, dollar
distribués, distributed
dirons, say
conventionnel, conventional
conditionnement, packaging
concorde, concord
colorés, colored
coffret, case
chronologique, chronological
cauchemars, nightmares
bruno, bruno
borgne, one-eyed
alinéa, paragraph
agressivité, aggressiveness
adverse, adverse
suivais, followed
strauss, strauss
stop, stop
sandra, sandra
racheter, redeem
prît, took
pompier, fireman
polie, polished
pilier, pillar
parchemin, parchment
numériques, digital
microscopique, microscopic
invincible, invincible
divertissement, entertainment
damien, damien
cran, guts
cigares, Cigars
carapace, shell
beaumont, beaumont
amusée, fun
alignement, alignment
aix, aix
affranchir, free
abbaye, abbey
votes, votes
viol, rape
vînt, came
transit, transit
sculptures, sculptures
sade, sade
revinrent, returned
républicain, republican
rayé, striped
raser, raze
piquant, spicy
palette, palette
mutisme, mutism
iras, go
girondins, Girondin
fusillade, shooting
flasque, flabby
consultatif, advisory
constitutionnelle, Constitutional
colorées, colored
carottes, carrots
bouillir, boil
baptisé, christened
apéritif, aperitif
animateurs, Facilitators
ancre, anchor
agacement, annoyance
abris, shelters
veuves, widows
vendeur, seller
trouvaille, find
triangulaire, triangular
tchad, Chad
satan, Satan
radioactivité, radioactivity
provisoires, Provisional
pauline, pauline
oxford, oxford
musicales, musical
honorer, honor
hongrois, Hungarian
grippe, flu
flocons, flakes
express, express
entourer, surround
darwin, darwin
cultes, cults
culs, ass
cuisinier, cook
collant, tights
clandestine, illegal
carburant, fuel
belleville, belleville
batteries, batteries
attentat, attempt
attelage, hitch
asphalte, asphalt
ajoutez, add
aida, helped
agnès, agnès
adorable, adorable
vicomte, viscount
ukraine, Ukraine
tilleul, linden
star, star
satisfaits, satisfied
résine, resin
reportage, report
pupitre, desk
pleuvoir, rain
militant, activist
maxime, maxim
latins, Latin
hortensia, hydrangea
exciter, excite
digestif, digestive
composant, component
boudin, flange
blason, coat of arms
astrologie, astrology
ahuri, bewildered
accouchement, delivery
accommoder, accommodate
abba, abba
toiture, roofing
textile, textile
rustique, rustic
ressentie, felt
rémy, rémy
pouces, inches
pointé, dotted
périgord, périgord
paramètres, parameters
nutrition, nutrition
nourritures, foods
murmures, murmurs
marlon, marlon
los, los
judiciaires, judicial
hirondelles, Swallows
fondateurs, founders
détaillé, detailed
dessinateur, designer
crocs, fangs
convertir, convert
colombe, dove
boulangerie, bakery
variant, variant
transposition, transposition
tampon, buffer
sereine, serene
ring, ring
remorque, trailer
phosphore, phosphorus
pâtissier, confectioner
paillasse, pallet
méconnaître, ignore
lou, lou
houille, coal
hans, hans
fugue, fugue
fournitures, supplies
escadre, Wing
cravates, ties
comté, county
célia, célia
canot, boat
came, cam
aménager, develop
acceptant, accepting
vrac, Bulk
virgile, Virgil
vendeurs, sellers
tulle, tulle
spontanées, Spontaneous
puni, punished
proue, bow
offerts, offered
killy, killy
judaïsme, Judaism
district, district
dirent, said
cubisme, cubism
congo, Congo
coke, coke
cohue, crowd
clandestin, clandestine
chèque, check
cachent, hide
aimions, love
achetait, bought
vitamines, Vitamins
tissage, weaving
syndrome, syndrome
routière, Road
publicitaires, Advertising
prélude, prelude
polonaise, Polish
orfèvre, goldsmith
morue, cod
monumental, monumental
mitraillette, submachine gun
mgr, mgr
mehdi, mehdi
lavande, lavender
johnny, johnny
fonctionnel, functional
excite, excites
demandera, ask
colette, colette
brown, brown
basque, Basque
bahut, chest
baba, baba
amende, fine
aliment, food
vodka, vodka
toulon, toulon
tailles, sizes
rondins, log
raisins, grapes
radar, radar
pharmacien, pharmacist
permets, allows
moustiques, mosquitoes
miguel, miguel
maturation, maturation
masquer, hide
manuelle, Manual
livraisons, deliveries
italiennes, Italian
frayeur, fear
fiançailles, engagement
exotique, exotic
découper, cut
cyril, cyril
constellation, constellation
cols, passes
colombes, Doves
casseroles, pans
buter, stumble
ambre, amber
adresses, addresses
abattoirs, slaughterhouses
vaccin, vaccine
trombe, waterspout
ticket, ticket
rouages, workings
revenez, back
réjouir, rejoice
regrettable, regrettable
puissions, can
poursuivaient, continued
pipes, pipes
levées, lifted
laurier, laurel
francisco, francisco
fleuri, flowery
esther, esther
espadrilles, sneakers
dogme, dogma
crêpe, pancake
compatibles, compatible
compact, compact
claqué, slammed
campement, camp
blues, blues
biographie, biography
barré, barred
auréole, halo
acuité, acuity
vétérinaire, veterinary
und, und
technologie, technology
short, shorts
roulettes, wheels
obstiné, obstinate
nacre, nacre
matrice, matrix
masculine, male
maine, Maine
magnétisme, magnetism
loyer, rent
lierre, ivy
insertion, insertion
guillotine, guillotine
fleuriste, florist
dessinées, drawn
dare, Dare
conformité, compliance
classé, classified
citadelle, citadel
chalet, chalet
ambigu, ambiguous
allocation, allocation
affecter, affect
unitaire, unitary
toni, toni
suivez, follow
sites, Sites
segment, segment
rênes, reins
questionnaire, questionnaire
pyramides, pyramids
ornement, ornament
music, music
moulins, mills
millimètres, millimeters
liturgie, liturgy
impressionnant, impressive
grosseur, size
gouvernante, governess
fissures, cracks
fifi, fifi
dotée, with
distributions, distributions
distinctions, distinctions
croque, undertaker
coureurs, Runners
compteur, counter
célibataire, single
carnaval, carnival
bourgeons, buds
baronne, baroness
balade, ride
ammoniaque, ammonia
transactions, transactions
tentés, tempted
taxis, Taxis
sympa, nice
solidaires, solidarity
schneider, schneider
sceptique, skeptical
rituelle, ritual
renonçant, renouncing
nébuleuse, nebula
migration, migration
mater, watch
maille, stitch
gladys, gladys
frigo, fridge
cygne, swan
coupole, cupola
cliente, client
clavier, keyboard
casiers, lockers
cachet, stamp
butin, booty
bouclier, shield
bosses, bumps
absorbée, absorbed
zurich, zurich
vingtième, twentieth
uniques, Unique
sachez, Know
roulette, roulette
réservait, reserved
réconfort, comfort
racontes, talking
orthographe, spelling
odile, odile
meule, grindstone
marseillaise, Marseille
marqueterie, marquetry
inséparables, inseparable
inciter, encourage
heu, hours
fermentation, fermentation
favoris, Favorites
expédier, send
diront, say
demanderait, require
cristalline, crystalline
coquette, coquette
commençai, began
china, china
brodé, Embroidered
box, box
bouchées, blocked
bled, bled
bibelots, trinkets
aident, help
aguets, watch
admettent, admit
achetée, purchased
trouvions, find
rodrigo, rodrigo
radieux, radiant
rabat, flap
prérogatives, prerogatives
popularité, popularity
pochette, wallet
pluriel, plural
parlerait, speak
parfumé, scented
locataire, tenant
isole, isolates
gratuitement, free of charge
glauque, glaucous
fraises, strawberries
dérivé, derivative
citation, quote
bourre, wad
boivent, drink
apprendra, learn
angelo, angelo
admettons, admit
accentuer, accentuate
aberration, aberration
vocable, term
victorieuse, victorious
sucré, sweet
spatiale, Space
sotte, stupid
sauvegarder, save
satellite, satellite
prochaines, next
oscar, Oscar
olympiques, Olympic
musiques, music
minima, Minimum
matisse, matisse
kid, kid
illimitée, unlimited
illico, illico
gironde, gironde
enlèvement, removal
encouragement, encouragement
ecclésiastique, ecclesiastical
disiez, say
cornet, horn
colliers, necklaces
bancaire, banking
ballons, balloons
artisanale, artisanal
anvers, antwerp
ampère, ampere
amélioré, improved
abonnés, Subscribers
vendeuse, seller
traverses, ties
ravissante, lovely
rapporteur, rapporteur
ram, ram
prendrai, take
plain, plain
oublierai, forget
nono, nono
nationalités, nationalities
mondaine, worldly
micheline, micheline
melon, melon
manipulation, manipulation
insulter, insult
grossesse, pregnancy
grenouilles, frogs
contrôleur, controller
continuèrent, continued
choir, fall
bienvenue, Welcome
bienfaits, benefits
araignées, spiders
anormale, abnormal
adjonction, addition
zut, heck
traversèrent, crossed
tomate, tomato
tilleuls, linden
simultanée, simultaneous
rayures, scratches
plancton, plankton
paranormal, paranormal
panorama, panorama
mandats, mandates
lécher, lick
illumination, illumination
hou, hou
filiation, filiation
exclus, excluded
emplir, fill
edmond, edmond
doudou, blanket
décoller, take off
crasseux, filthy
conjoint, joint
comparé, compared
colosse, colossus
colorée, colorful
bridge, bridge
appelais, called
annonces, ads
amendement, amendment
abuser, abuse
street, street
sportives, sports
socrate, socrates
servis, served
serve, serve
sers, serve
salé, salt
poses, poses
portions, portions
park, park
mésange, tit
jones, jones
ineffable, ineffable
impuissante, powerless
garantit, guarantees
frise, frieze
frémir, shudder
ferry, ferry
corniche, cornice
cimetières, cemeteries
buvaient, drank
bagues, rings
autoriser, authorize
apercevais, saw
analysé, tested
ajustement, adjustment
ajoutée, added
yves, yves
varsovie, warsaw
tramway, streetcar
stella, stella
sonorité, sonority
sanguin, blood
recommande, recommends
radium, radium
prospectus, prospectus
préviens, warn
oie, goose
montreuil, montreuil
momo, momo
maryse, maryse
laurence, laurence
iront, will
insigne, badge
inoubliable, unforgettable
fichier, file
disposons, have
déviation, deviation
dégoûtant, disgusting
débattre, discuss
crapaud, toad
convocation, convocation
compas, compass
cocher, check
canadienne, Canadian
cachot, dungeon
bruges, bruges
bienheureux, blissful
bénéficiaire, beneficiary
beethoven, beethoven
bassine, basin
barbara, barbara
asiatique, Asian
ammoniac, ammonia
young, young
villeneuve, villeneuve
via, via
saphir, sapphire
roulés, rolled
rater, miss
rabbin, rabbi
poursuites, proceedings
meublé, furnished
mentionné, mentioned
mélanie, Melanie
mannequin, model
majors, Majors
latérale, lateral
ion, ion
illimité, unlimited
festival, festival
fesse, buttock
feriez, would make
enclume, anvil
distractions, distractions
détendre, relax
commodes, convenient
chili, chili
carl, carl
atteignaient, reached
approches, approaches
verrais, would see
trappe, hatch
torrents, torrents
sortirait, emerge
rubriques, sections
rôti, roast
reconstruire, reconstruct
prendront, will
pliant, folding
plafonds, ceilings
panache, plume
orties, nettles
mathieu, mathieu
majeurs, major
jane, jane
grimm, grimm
fourche, fork
envies, desires
copier, copy
contredire, contradict
continuez, go on
clovis, clovis
cloud, cloud
cheikh, Sheikh
affectif, affective
affaiblissement, weakening
accoutumée, usual
utilitaire, utility
transatlantique, transatlantic
thunderbird, thunderbird
théo, theo
tango, tango
superstition, superstition
superbes, beautiful
sortais, went out
sologne, sologne
saumon, salmon
préférez, prefer
pouviez, could
obsédé, obsessed
nombril, navel
fiscal, tax
dépouillement, counting
cosmos, cosmos
coran, Koran
chaussons, slippers
champions, Champions
caméra, camera
bouillante, boiling
bistrots, pubs
aquarelle, watercolor
anatomique, anatomical
ameublement, furniture
alcoolique, alcoholic
abîmer, spoil
virilité, virility
tord, twists
tentent, try
sperme, sperm
putes, whores
protestante, Protestant
proposant, offering
oral, oral
olympia, olympia
museum, museum
mouette, seagull
mercedes, mercedes
ménopause, menopause
mathématicien, mathematician
martial, martial
coucou, cuckoo
copines, girlfriends
consécration, consecration
caen, caen
broche, spindle
blockhaus, blockhouse
apparitions, appearances
alcools, alcohols
aggraver, aggravate
usent, wear
suppliant, begging
sucres, sugars
sortez, get out
socialement, socially
pérou, Peru
performance, performance
pékin, Pekin
orly, orly
opératoire, operative
oom, oom
muguet, thrush
mondiaux, world
lanternes, lanterns
kaki, khaki
impalpable, impalpable
giovanni, giovanni
fresnel, fresnel
foot, football
embarqué, Embedded
emballage, packing
donnes, give
détritus, detritus
contrée, country
compliment, compliment
cassis, blackcurrant
attirant, attractive
ambassadeurs, Ambassadors
tuait, killed
sand, sand
remises, discounts
présentations, presentations
poires, pears
permettraient, would 
péniche, barge
marshall, marshall
libraire, bookseller
législatives, legislative
laisses, Leashes
infrastructure, infrastructure
hum, hum
harmonieuse, harmonious
hanté, haunted
gourmandise, gluttony
franz, franz
foetus, fetus
feuilleton, serial
estampes, prints
disputes, quarrels
connard, shithead
connaisseur, connoisseur
conçues, designed
compta, accounting
combles, loft
citations, quotes
cavale, lam
caricature, caricature
candide, candid
calais, calais
brumaire, Brumaire
broca, broca
bibliographie, bibliography
berg, berg
artère, artery
annonçaient, announced
alphabétique, alphabetical
aidée, helped
administrer, administer
accession, accession
vignoble, vineyard
titi, titi
taverne, tavern
sentez, feel
résidu, residue
rédacteurs, Editors
rectangulaires, rectangular
projecteur, projector
menuisier, carpenter
lacroix, lacroix
kiosque, kiosk
intuitive, intuitive
hideux, hideous
hargneux, fractious
fontainebleau, fontainebleau
félicitations, congratulations
fantasmes, fantasies
diagrammes, diagrams
diagonale, diagonal
dentiste, dentist
déclarant, declaring
couronnement, coronation
commercialisation, marketing
clairon, bugle
chialer, blubber
amorcée, initiated
agriculteur, farmer
admirais, admired
zoo, zoo
typologie, typology
tracteurs, tractors
selles, stools
saucisses, sausages
sanguine, blood
rusé, crafty
recommander, recommend
plains, complain
persil, parsley
parlerons, talk
paraîtra, appear
oublia, forgot
lacune, gap
journalisme, journalism
iraient, would go
illustrations, illustrations
homère, Homer
foncer, charge
flexion, flexion
fabricant, manufacturer
exigeante, demanding
doula, doula
continuons, continue
continuera, continue
constellations, constellations
cinémas, cinemas
brochures, brochures
bourdon, bumblebee
ball, ball
attendions, expected
arabesques, arabesques
annuaire, directory
aliénation, alienation
accueillait, welcomed
abraham, abraham
abeille, bee
trésorier, treasurer
tom, tom
terroristes, terrorist
synthèses, syntheses
studios, studios
séduisante, attractive
rhubarbe, rhubarb
retournés, back
retards, delays
préliminaires, preliminaries
mohammed, Mohammed
jeûne, fasting
indigné, indignant
incolore, colorless
impressionnante, impressive
huiles, oils
gouvernemental, governmental
garnis, trimmed
gaine, sheath
fluides, fluids
externat, Externship
expédié, sent
entités, entities
dénonce, denounces
cocktail, cocktail
claques, slapping
célébrité, celebrity
casier, locker
cameroun, Cameroon
boussole, compass
biberon, baby bottle
béatitude, bliss
avarice, avarice
aquarium, aquarium
amande, almond
acheteur, buyer
yacht, yacht
volaille, poultry
violer, violate
vestes, jackets
trio, trio
tousser, cough
substrat, substratum
sondage, survey
saucisson, sausage
sacrilège, sacrilege
proviseur, headmaster
ottaviani, ottaviani
maladroite, clumsy
lots, Lots
lingerie, lingerie
laval, laval
irez, go
honoraires, fees
grillé, grilled
grappe, cluster
gin, gin
garagiste, mechanic
fables, fables
estuaire, estuary
cambridge, cambridge
cabaret, cabaret
boum, bang
boris, boris
bite, cock
asiatiques, Asian
artisanal, craft
arti, ar
aligner, align
adapte, adapts
acoustique, acoustic
achetés, purchased
venions, had just
terminal, terminal
tee, tee
suspendues, suspended
spatial, spatial
silice, silica
sensuelle, sensual
scotch, Scotch
résolutions, resolutions
réponde, responds
reims, reims
rance, rancid
poussin, chick
paumé, lost
partirent, left
mario, mario
loterie, lottery
leu, leu
jade, jade
irrégulier, irregular
intervenant, speaker
indicatif, indicative
hêtre, beech
gérer, manage
fîmes, FIMES
filiales, subsidiaries
eûmes, eûmes
diurne, diurnal
cherches, looking
célibataires, single
carter, housing
calories, calories
attaquant, attacker
assigner, assign
apparaîtra, appear
antilles, West Indies
anse, cove
annoncent, Announce
allègre, blithe
vosges, vosges
voleuse, thief
virginia, virginia
verve, verve
verni, varnished
ustensiles, utensils
urgente, urgent
turque, Turkish
trinité, trinity
tâter, feel
séducteur, seducer
saurions, would know
promeneurs, walkers
paresseuse, lazy
opéras, operas
mouchoirs, handkerchiefs
mireille, mireille
microfilm, microfilm
masqué, masked
instantanée, Instant
infirmier, Nursing
incomplet, incomplete
impressionnisme, impressionism
frayer, spawn
fernando, fernando
escabeau, stool
dot, dowry
déménagement, move
démarrer, start
décident, decide
corail, coral
continuais, continued
chemisier, blouse
champêtre, rural
céline, céline
cafetière, coffee maker
bracelets, bracelets
bocal, jar
bandeau, headband
aubert, aubert
annoncée, announced
alex, alex
aillent, go
agenda, diary
affreusement, frightfully
tranché, sliced
tournai, turned
sentons, feel
salomon, Solomon
ricane, snickers
punaises, bugs
patins, skates
gordon, gordon
geoffroy, Geoff
géniale, great
frisés, curly
fourneaux, furnaces
fleurie, flowers
fiscalité, tax system
exagération, exaggeration
douglas, douglas
demandons, ask
croisant, crossing
crayons, pencils
continuation, continuation
commenter, comment
cinoche, cinoche
chimère, chimera
bave, slime
adultère, adultery
adjectif, adjective
accordéon, accordion
vivace, perennial
violences, violence
vatican, Vatican
sommaires, summary
ruptures, ruptures
rosé, rose
regardes, look
rate, spleen
pioche, pick
paradoxes, paradoxes
modéré, moderate
métrique, metric
manquant, missing
maisonnette, small house
julienne, Julian
inceste, incest
galant, gallant
flottante, Floating
flatter, flatter
farida, farida
exclamation, exclamation
diffus, diffuse
classicisme, classicism
charlot, Charlie
blondel, blondel
blagues, jokes
argenté, silver
appellerait, call
zénith, zenith
verge, penis
vaux, dale
tremper, dip
têtu, stubborn
similaires, Similar
servez, use
rousses, redheads
rentrées, returns
préfères, prefer
perché, perched
partitions, scores
oublient, forget
ordinateur, computer
omelette, omelette
maçon, mason
lue, read
liant, binder
légales, Legal
janine, janine
informés, informed
grues, cranes
gluant, sticky
escrime, fencing
détester, hate
délicieusement, deliciously
copenhague, copenhagen
coca, coca
ceinturon, belt
cars, cars
butch, butch
bruyant, noisy
black, black
apothéose, apotheosis
animateur, animator
améliorée, improved
alcôve, alcove
affolement, panic
voudriez, would want
suce, sucks
rhume, cold
radis, radish
radieuse, radiant
pulmonaire, pulmonary
peugeot, peugeot
ondulations, waves
oies, geese
nickel, nickel
médiateur, mediator
mannequins, dummies
layon, transect
irlandais, Irish
instantané, instantaneous
imparfait, imperfect
guérie, cured
graisses, fat
geoffrey, geoffrey
ford, ford
favorite, favored
drogues, Drugs
dilemme, dilemma
cyclistes, cyclists
cow, cow
communiqués, communicated
claudie, claudie
cecilia, cecilia
cast, cast
canaille, canaille
calotte, cap
brouette, wheelbarrow
besançon, besançon
attendus, expected
articuler, articulate
wang, wang
voté, voted
vagabond, vagabond
translucide, translucent
terminale, terminal
squelettes, skeletons
souillé, contaminated
soufflet, bellows
retraites, pensions
profitent, benefit
pirates, pirates
peter, peter
méditations, meditations
marginal, marginal
manies, manias
magma, magma
magicien, magician
hertz, hertz
hébergement, accommodation
graal, Grail
gourmand, greedy
flandre, flanders
entrave, obstacle
entendement, understanding
emblème, emblem
cyclique, cyclic
contractions, contractions
contamination, contamination
conspiration, conspiracy
championnat, championship
baltes, Baltic
attendrir, tenderize
attendrai, wait
athlètes, Athletes
apprenne, learn
appellerai, call
ambiguë, ambiguous
amandes, almonds
albums, albums
adhérer, join
ablation, ablation
voudrions, would want
trier, sort
survivant, survivor
squaw, squaw
serein, serene
self, self
savoureux, tasty
restreindre, restrict
reliant, connecting
reines, queens
prive, deprives
pointer, point
pianiste, pianist
pervers, perverse
nomade, nomad
martyrs, Martyrs
marrons, brown
lexique, lexicon
jante, rim
isolant, insulation
hôtelier, hotel
hollywood, hollywood
hardes, Herds
grenat, garnet
gourde, gourd
gonzague, gonzague
fléau, scourge
escargots, snails
entracte, intermission
embauche, hiring
déploiement, deployment
delphine, delphine
corbeau, raven
combinée, combined
clandestins, illegal
caution, bail
bretonne, Breton
bêche, spade
vitreux, glassy
vertigineux, vertiginous
tokyo, tokyo
tabou, taboo
suivra, will
substitut, surrogate
sida, AIDS
rubens, rubens
rime, rhyme
repartie, repartee
rébellion, rebellion
rai, rai
poterie, pottery
posais, asking
pieu, stake
peignait, painted
payant, paying
paon, peacock
paillettes, Sequins
missionnaires, missionaries
missionnaire, missionary
manipuler, manipulate
living, living
jumeau, twin
jeans, jeans
incroyablement, incredibly
harmonique, harmonic
gui, mistletoe
gemme, gem
enduit, coating
ellipse, ellipse
colorants, dyes
cocu, cuckold
cnrs, cnrs
cabas, shopping bag
bûche, log
bretons, Breton
bey, bey
arabesque, arabesque
amorcer, initiate
accroupie, squatting
accompagnées, accompanied
abolir, abolish
texture, texture
sylvestre, sylvan
spirales, spirals
sidérurgie, steel industry
salutaire, beneficial
sahara, Sahara
perdrait, lose
partirait, depart
partais, was leaving
oublies, forget
olives, olives
nichons, tits
moqueur, mocker
montures, frames
modération, moderation
legs, legacy
kong, Kong
interrogations, questions
hlm, hlm
hébreu, Hebrew
gardienne, guardian
fusse, Füsse
fourrures, fur
forfait, package
fendu, split
envoient, send
chanvre, hemp
carcassonne, carcassonne
brouille, quarrel
boston, boston
basilique, basilica
bail, lease
anonymat, anonymity
american, american
amèrement, bitterly
aménagée, fitted
admit, admitted
acharne, persists
accepterait, accept
west, west
voirie, road
vends, sell
traductions, translations
tactiques, tactics
syllabe, syllable
spécimens, specimens
soudure, welding
robinets, taps
reparaître, reappear
raccrocher, hang up
provenir, come
prenions, take
peluche, plush
mules, mules
meudon, meudon
métropolitaine, Metropolitan
lyonnais, Lyon
loyal, loyal
job, job
indicateurs, indicators
incarné, incarnate
gourmande, Gourmet
fossile, fossil
forgeron, smith
dévoiler, reveal
corée, Korea
colloque, seminar
capri, capri
aspirer, aspire
applaudir, applaud
antiquités, antiquities
amalgame, amalgam
alimente, feeds
accompagnement, accompaniment
accentuée, accentuated
zoologie, zoology
virages, turns
teinture, dye
surnaturelle, supernatural
supprimée, removed
saurez, know
rafraîchir, refresh
pope, pope
pleurent, cry
pendules, clocks
patriotisme, patriotism
ouragan, hurricane
notoriété, notoriety
moselle, moselle
monceau, heap
migraine, migraine
métriques, metric
métamorphoses, metamorphoses
meeting, meeting
lisbonne, Lisbon
hebdomadaires, Weekly
grief, grievance
gautier, gautier
fox, fox
flash, flash
engrenage, gearing
dragons, Dragons
dictateur, dictator
destinataire, recipient
dada, hobbyhorse
corner, corner
consulat, consulate
colonisation, colonization
collaborer, collaborate
choqué, shocked
cascades, waterfalls
bonus, bonus
bandit, bandit
bananes, bananas
babylone, Babylon
baby, baby
autorisations, authorizations
assemblages, assemblies
ahmed, ahmed
afficher, display
adhérence, adherence
walter, walter
vulgarisation, popularization
volcan, volcano
ulcère, ulcer
troie, Trojan
sonneries, ringtones
sandwiches, sandwiches
romance, romance
réverbère, street lamp
réfractaire, refractory
recoin, corner
réceptions, receptions
pignons, Gables
paternité, paternity
passionnés, passionate
nini, nini
mouille, wet
morsure, bite
mongol, Mongolian
moelleux, soft
martine, martine
manon, manon
mamans, Moms
magnésium, magnesium
love, love
louanges, praise
localiser, locate
judith, judith
fresnes, fresnes
fraise, strawberry
filtrer, filter
envoyées, sent
enfers, Hell
démêler, unravel
connexions, connections
colin, hake
chapot, Chapot
cépages, varieties
caniveau, gutter
cancers, cancers
bronzes, bronzes
boiteux, lame
big, big
basé, based
antre, den
angers, angers
anarchiste, anarchist
africaines, African
affolée, distraught
adéquate, adequate
abattue, shot
tuent, kill
tournèrent, turned
touraine, touraine
semences, seeds
saurons, know
ricanant, grin
retraités, Retirees
rectifier, correct
reconstitue, reconstitutes
réalistes, realistic
radiophonique, radio
radiographie, radiography
racisme, racism
philippines, philippines
paco, paco
obsèques, funeral
nuisible, harmful
notice, notice
négoce, trading
mule, mule
module, module
malika, malika
inquisition, inquisition
humaniste, humanist
gentilhomme, gentleman
garant, guarantor
gages, wages
fruitiers, fruit
espion, spy
donnai, gave
diligence, diligence
déçus, disappointed
compositeurs, Composers
combe, combe
clapotis, lapping
chasteté, chastity
capture, capture
camper, camp
brioche, brioche
bloquer, block
blocage, blocking
aspirant, aspirant
armurier, gunsmith
ajoutai, added
aggravation, aggravation
affrontement, confrontation
afflux, influx
affirmée, affirmed
admets, admit
abrite, home
voyante, clairvoyant
valérie, Valerie
transistor, transistor
stockholm, stockholm
sérum, serum
rouvrir, reopen
pleurais, cried
peurs, fears
perdais, lost
pensionnaire, boarder
naturaliste, naturalist
miniatures, Miniature
mettrai, put
magistrat, magistrate
islande, Iceland
iran, Iran
imperfections, imperfections
hypnose, hypnosis
hyper, hyper
humilier, humiliate
hercule, Hercules
frank, frank
francfort, frankfurt
floue, fuzzy
fard, makeup
fanatique, fanatic
exilé, exiled
emmanuel, emmanuel
douzième, twelfth
crevettes, shrimp
combinés, combined
cocotte, casserole
carbonate, carbonate
athlétisme, athletics
argot, slang
apprenais, learned
appellera, call
alerté, alerted
aléatoires, random
agrandir, enlarge
accabler, overwhelm
unesco, unesco
supermarché, supermarket
suivons, follow
sublimes, sublime
sot, fool
society, Society
sensuel, sensual
scott, scott
rencontrèrent, met
radios, radios
préférerais, rather
possesseur, possessor
poitrail, chest
plaisent, like
plaisance, Pleasure
persuadée, persuaded
pelote, ball
organisateur, organizer
opérette, operetta
norbert, norbert
moineau, sparrow
maya, Maya
limousin, Limousin
hôtellerie, hotel
hollandaise, Dutch
hic, snag
guinée, Guinea
fresques, frescoes
franklin, franklin
flatte, flatters
féerie, fairy
fascinant, fascinating
faction, faction
engrenages, Gear
dune, dune
devrions, should
consultant, consultant
commodités, amenities
canette, spool
cadastre, cadastre
boulets, ball
bandits, bandits
balader, stroll
arrondis, rounded
anciennement, formerly
acculturation, acculturation
abstenir, refrain
vaillant, valiant
sue, sue
rétroviseur, mirror
retraité, retired
résonances, resonances
rencontrai, met
ratification, ratification
prototypes, prototypes
plais, like me
pervenche, periwinkle
pastilles, pellets
organisateurs, organizers
numismatique, numismatics
médium, medium
mansarde, garret
macadam, macadam
hardy, hardy
guêtres, leggings
galette, cake
fresque, fresco
flambeau, torch
fantastiques, fantastic
enquêteur, investigator
douches, showers
coquin, rascal
contentieux, Litigation
canadien, Canadian
caca, pooh
bols, bowls
bavardages, gossip
typiquement, typically
truffes, truffles
tirez, pull
synonyme, synonymous
supplier, beg
serveur, server
sénéchal, Seneschal
sadique, sadistic
sachent, know
réductions, reductions
reculait, retreated
puce, chip
parterre, parterre
paraîtrait, seem
palmier, palm
oeillets, Carnations
méditerranéenne, Mediterranean
lys, lily
leurre, lure
languedoc, languedoc
land, land
laiteux, milky
ivan, ivan
insolites, Unusual
imposture, imposture
harnais, harness
grue, crane
foch, foch
fantaisies, fantasies
engueuler, yelled
distinguée, distinguished
crocodile, crocodile
concerto, concerto
chaudron, cauldron
chantilly, chantilly
camus, snub
boys, boys
bourrés, stuffed
bernier, bernier
bander, bandage
bambou, bamboo
baguettes, chopsticks
automates, automata
augustine, augustine
attractions, attractions
aspiré, aspirated
arroser, water
anticorps, antibody
adorer, worship
accumulée, accumulated
vermine, vermin
varenne, varenne
trousse, kit
triporteur, scooter
téléphones, phones
sucrée, sweet
seringue, syringe
salvador, salvador
salopette, overalls
rétro, back
rencontraient, met
promotions, promotions
prochainement, shortly
praticien, practitioner
potager, kitchen garden
parure, set
normand, Norman
miles, miles
malheureuses, unfortunate
leader, leader
latines, Latin
jovial, jovial
jeff, jeff
indirectes, indirect
han, Han
gruyère, Gruyere
gâché, spoiled
fila, fila
engouement, infatuation
distributeur, distributor
délectation, delight
déjeuné, lunch
déguisement, disguise
crèmes, creams
coques, shells
connurent, experienced
citernes, tanks
bouée, buoy
bonnets, caps
annulaire, annular
altérer, alter
aisselle, axilla
ulm, ulm
tunnels, tunnels
thune, thune
tampons, tampons
sucer, suck
stationnement, parking
sofa, sofa
shirt, shirt
sauvetage, rescue
sauras, will know
ricaner, sneer
requise, required
recherchés, sought
profils, profiles
posez, ask
pétrolier, tanker
pèlerine, mantle
mousseline, muslin
médiéval, medieval
marchepied, step
huissier, usher
ginette, ginette
flavie, flavie
fétiche, fetish
escarpins, pumps
divines, divine
décevant, disappointing
charlemagne, charlemagne
chanteuse, singer
cerise, cherry
casablanca, casablanca
baleine, whale
baigneur, bather
armoiries, arms
arabie, saudi
ajuster, adjust
agencement, layout
accommode, accommodates
verne, verne
velouté, velvety
usager, user
sortons, go out
serrage, Tightening
sauront, will
reptiles, reptiles
reliure, binding
recrues, recruits
préféraient, preferred
poupe, stern
pollen, pollen
play, play
pistolets, guns
perfide, treacherous
passionne, passionate
partagés, Shared
panhard, panhard
orsay, orsay
nounou, nanny
mûres, mature
morgan, Morgan
montesquieu, montesquieu
ludovic, ludovic
limoges, limoges
jasmin, jasmine
hirondelle, swallow
gibraltar, Gibraltar
frissonner, shiver
fend, splits
explose, explodes
cadette, younger
bénéficiant, benefiting
bath, bath
banane, banana
arrivions, arrived
archange, archangel
altamont, altamont
aimantation, magnetization
agronomique, agronomic
adolf, adolf
acharnée, fierce
verront, will
stimulation, stimulation
spinoza, spinoza
santa, santa
reviendront, return
reconversion, conversion
rancoeur, rancor
princesses, Princesses
pet, fart
oratoire, oratorical
motte, mound
motivation, motivation
manifestant, demonstrator
immortelle, immortal
immobilier, Real Estate
hortense, hortense
gala, gala
exploité, exploited
escargot, snail
embarqués, Embedded
douillet, cozy
deborah, deborah
colorant, dye
coiffer, style
clichy, clichy
cherchai, sought
charcuterie, delicatessen
changes, exchange
carotte, carrot
brigands, robbers
bombardiers, bombers
bienfaisance, beneficence
astronome, astronomer
armures, armor
amoncellement, drift
améliore, improves
voudront, want
vélos, bikes
truite, trout
tamis, sieve
séminaire, seminar
seigle, rye
ruhr, ruhr
rossignol, nightingale
rencontrons, meet
poker, poker
plairait, would please
passerai, pass
océanie, Oceania
moulures, trim
minimes, minimal
mini, mini
ludiques, fun
longitude, longitude
judas, peephole
intuitions, intuitions
immigration, immigration
hépatique, hepatic
handicap, handicap
hamilton, hamilton
hallucinations, hallucinations
guerrière, warrior
généalogie, genealogy
feuilleter, browse
entraîneur, coach
ensoleillé, sunny
durci, hardened
denise, denise
débuté, started
cyclone, cyclone
cuba, Cuba
coteaux, slopes
cooper, cooper
chenal, channel
cassette, tape
brochure, brochure
blesse, hurt
becs, beaks
bangkok, bangkok
astuce, trick
arnaque, scam
armer, arm
approvisionnements, supplies
allumées, lit
abaissant, lowering
voyions, saw
virginité, virginity
trahie, Betrayed
tia, tia
thon, tuna
tangible, tangible
surcharge, overload
stanislas, stanislas
simplifiée, simplified
serments, Oaths
royaumes, kingdoms
rougi, reddened
rhodes, Rhodes
remporté, won
provincial, provincial
patine, patina
partions, were leaving
noisette, hazelnut
malte, Malta
lentille, lens
intégrée, integrated
hydratation, hydration
habillement, clothing
fournisseur, supplier
flambée, outbreak
espionnage, espionage
erre, wanders
douceurs, sweets
donjon, keep
demanderai, ask
débutant, beginner
convoquer, convene
ciseau, chisel
caviar, caviar
carafe, carafe
caille, quail
bûcheron, lumberjack
brouillon, draft
broderies, embroidery
assommé, stunned
ambiant, ambient
affamé, starved
aérodrome, aerodrome
achètent, buy
visibilité, visibility
tunis, tunis
simultanées, simultaneous
replier, fold up
rémi, rémi
recréer, recreate
rations, rations
poulailler, coop
poitiers, poitiers
paulette, paulette
patio, patio
paf, paf
oil, oil
narbonne, narbonne
mythiques, mythical
metz, metz
maquereau, mackerel
luzerne, alfalfa
london, london
kabyle, kabyle
hybrides, hybrid
horoscope, horoscope
gong, gong
gay, Gay
encourageant, encouraging
divertissements, entertainment
déshonneur, disgrace
dentaire, dental
cuirassé, ironclad
connaîtra, know
city, city
chevelu, haired
bottines, boots
borel, borel
baltique, Baltic
avortement, abortion
atterrissage, landing
attendrait, expect
andouille, dummy
amicalement, friendly
alliage, alloy
aidera, help
agrandissement, enlargement
adjoindre, add
vivra, live
vitrail, stained glass
visa, visa
viendrez, come
vidange, emptying
vicaire, vicar
tronçons, sections
transversales, transverse
tierce, third
suivrait, follow
sonde, probe
séminariste, seminarian
savourer, enjoy
renversant, reversing
radeau, raft
planes, flat
pesaient, weighed
perçant, piercing
partirai, leave
parodie, parody
pannes, failures
neurone, neuron
messie, messiah
lyriques, lyric
larousse, larousse
journalière, daily
jouissant, enjoying
island, island
incognito, incognito
impact, impact
guitares, guitars
fondue, fondue
expérimenté, experienced
distant, distant
desbois, desbois
décorateur, decorator
connexion, connection
concierges, Caretakers
che, che
célébration, celebration
buvez, drink
bustes, busts
bosquets, groves
bondissant, bounding
bloquée, blocked
aviateur, aviator
archipel, archipelago
antiquaires, antique
alexandra, alexandra
affole, panic
vomi, vomit
violons, violins
vanille, vanilla
taylor, taylor
store, blind
sanitaires, health
raciste, racist
produisaient, produced
prisme, prism
ponte, spawn
poinçons, punches
pillage, looting
philip, philip
pernod, Pernod
parliez, talk
panthère, panther
navré, heartbroken
motos, bikes
mil, mil
miche, loaf
mensuel, monthly
lipides, lipids
licencié, licensee
judo, judo
insignes, Badges
hermine, ermine
glaçons, ice
gaspard, gaspard
fructueuse, successful
fiat, fiat
explosif, explosive
entrelacs, interlacing
endurance, endurance
dialecte, dialect
dévoile, reveals
cor, horn
comprimés, tablets
commando, commando
chaussette, sock
centenaire, centenary
british, british
aviser, notice
annuler, cancel
agile, agile
agacée, annoyed
accroissent, increase
yvette, yvette
voilier, yacht
virgule, comma
vîmes, saw
vaccins, vaccines
tournants, rotating
terrine, terrine
spiritualité, spirituality
snob, snob
sénégal, Senegal
sécrétions, secretions
savoyard, Savoy
savane, savannah
roumanie, Romania
rocheuses, rock
rocaille, rock
revins, returned
quinte, fifth
proposons, offer
prompte, prompt
pouf, pouffe
pommiers, apple
planétaire, planetary
pancartes, signs
oot, oot
nuls, null
nazi, Nazi
mirabeau, mirabeau
miller, miller
masculins, male
mamelon, nipple
malvina, malvina
magistral, masterly
kader, kader
jason, jason
indigo, indigo
immaculée, Immaculate
godet, bucket
garonne, garonne
exclusivité, exclusiveness
damnation, damnation
cygnes, Swans
cultivateur, farmer
clarinette, clarinet
chenilles, caterpillars
chauvin, chauvinistic
casquettes, caps
bronzé, tanned
avançais, moved forward
autrichienne, Austrian
athée, atheist
arrondie, rounded
arlequin, harlequin
appréciés, appreciated
annule, cancels
annulation, cancellation
amaigrissement, emaciation
alias, alias
agréablement, pleasantly
agace, annoys
zef, zef
volts, volts
vît, see her
toussaint, Halloween
stagiaire, trainee
retournement, reversal
quille, keel
psychiatrie, psychiatry
postal, postal
pirouette, pirouette
phonétique, phonetic
normande, Norman
mutuelles, mutual
morand, morand
métis, mestizo
mentor, mentor
maquillée, makeup
maquette, model
libido, libido
leviers, levers
laque, lacquer
lady, Lady
inexplicablement, inexplicably
gondole, gondola
glaciers, glaciers
géorgie, Georgia
flamel, Flamel
fitzgerald, fitzgerald
fac, college
eni, eni
east, east
dom, dom
dépêches, dispatches
délires, delusions
déconne, kidding
damier, checkerboard
cuirs, leather
cordonnier, shoemaker
corbeilles, baskets
chronomètre, stopwatch
chattes, pussies
chartres, chartres
blouses, Blouses
blaise, blaise
belote, Belote
baume, balm
bannières, banners
bandoulière, shoulder strap
attentes, expectations
argentin, Argentine
apprendrai, learn
anarchique, anarchic
acquitter, discharge
accoucher, birth
accidentelle, accidental
accalmie, lull
voulurent, wanted
tâtonnant, groping
state, state
slave, Slavic
sénateurs, Senators
rougis, blush
rencontrais, met
parachutistes, Parachute
panama, panama
originaires, from
opus, opus
nouait, tied
nominations, Appointments
nique, nic
mire, target
membranes, membranes
matou, tomcat
lime, lime
klein, klein
inondation, flood
imposition, taxation
greco, Greco
friture, frying
frisé, curly
envolée, surge
dévorant, devouring
crotte, dung
conteur, storyteller
colmar, colmar
carnage, carnage
